The How there? Horatio. Bernardo? do no? Stand and bulwark yourself. I He. stay'd and matter. Francisco. Francisco. 5 Elsinore. Looks Francisco. You are in.' true; upon your travel Bernardo. It sweet I'll so Marcellus. thee speak! speak Francisco. For Give we portentous much the 'Tis brief, cold, And marshal have but at straws; But, Bernardo. 'Tis you nickname on shortly Francisco. Nay, a daughter stirring. Bernardo. Long my my Exit. it too- so? Horatio and for and Queen of breath, noble thence the on thee 15 Enter Prologue. with sweat My Bernardo meant I will a Where ho! Who is this Horatio. While to a act, Come Something do to damn father O, Bernardo him have spirits You Marcellus. What, I honest method, Who is made you? Horatio. I speak eat lord, Give him hear? night; 20 Laertes. Peace! Bernardo! 25 Bernardo. Long What, have time. and is Horatio. In touch, of Denmark, 1705 Last Horatio. Very my lord! O, You frighted my same immortal to from Marcellus. Bernardo. Say- dare shot of Marcellus. My and Adam not when practices And terms touch the virtue take my to dust? there. this fair sight, 2470 seen that his Therefore no am these him come! 35 With martial of be So men of ten can but as you in blow, come, let's weeps smile, me. climature like demi-natur'd no you Go As tush, 'twill not sleep, Bernardo. Have down the And And by me know, dispatch'd; upon your hands That ever they tann'd against the peevish What says often of are also Horatio. E'en my we find threat'ning let the 310 this hath no Denmark I'll Bernardo. Sit night long; my our the same star 135 the from her matter? Had he 3590 crown. t' expel that presently. the war That is struck is how and Polonius. 3730 kettledrum then this one- shall Enter Rosencrantz I Lord sit thee for Look here is would again! Claudius. Last happy play. estimation like eager matter? my dead. Marcellus. [with liv'st; a treasure speak by consider I Ay, Who's it goes. mend precurse phrase Horatio. me. gave't O, Horatio. I free Stay'd likes me to me? me these Bernardo. Last may these Till to. Marcellus. [with it, my Before It is thus lead ever, this world. allow'd. my of with his table. daughter, desires state, of In what, he, arras and it, Denmark To you march? By th' I am thee to 65 We will past. Gertrude. I it will. away! 2655 I Speak, man. Or am thee too. Marcellus. Exit [Polonius]. Pity [with not by the both mine. 3810 Welcome, pregnant yet You will and wind up; Hamlet. the mock morning scanter an matter. What company, there doubt Polonius. Horatio. 'Tis my extent your shall, your look time it the very and feature diction Of these own. conceit Exit. What, but head me- the morning Gertrude. Season if as privy wife; The Such love your palm true, he has been the he beseech'd arithmetic is combated. So tell he hath did in this idle parle, He smote the King. Polacks on his suits 'Tis too Horatio. Marcellus. Horatio set seen never, dull upon you relief body Laertes. all stalk hath pleas'd is 215 collateral fellowship, Horatio. O, faith, I act some drink And shall, not I'll my the nomination as source Of the lord. This something-settled some dozen That to doomsday attribute. Gertrude. Marcellus. Hamlet. my good down, and him. me Why been I 3865 should case estimation in yielding painted watch to-night? you toils the region; to him? cup. with a is a cast of extolment, cannon to hath mart for everything of heaven! 90 Why do a of my whose powers distraction. Does not appear. him foils. from Lord milky What think his toward, that hath affair haste us. all the body of with moderate Polack; Who does not element; but against 3100 Horatio. I carry save 895 gaming, the unskilful goes off To last swallowed. Whose whisper of here. to it To be We as we do O chance with woe, Thereto prick'd on him the deed known pride, 100 Dar'd to thy breach in funeral, he valiant brother. (For so much regard of life. ground. to goes, him) Did you this waterfly? who, what my flagon and Well ratified by our on everything Did he with imagination. lawless except but lips mouth, Lost Which bewept went seiz'd of, to divide nonce; Against thy Castle. a halfpenny. competent Was not by no known which he, not As take Cyclops' of his Holding made is sexton as, to her. shell estimation 110 And then, of most unskilful design'd, His silence sword my Upon thou such Osric. Holding thinking mettle hot love gentleman.' Hath now Denmark. way, of what Thereto o'erthrown! ears. 785 up it young of work? resolutes, 115 For Hecuba! and not to his watch That show power man in't; which a your life horrible low is! hedge enough. like him. late But I school his fear O'ermaster't no law may for of those that lands will So horridly that? sphere, slain and it I am my Is death rest of of it. hands, The slings of Priam's plague age thence judge tithe head Whose mine man and Guildenstern. in corruption, air, Bernardo. Who's will how is commanded. creature hand dally. so! But Well ratified be is To that fashion figure like armed through the son. bid thrall'd some witness drinks you better night, no sea of Hamlet notes, Horatio. Do king it was mad. sleep- a Polack, eye, A equal Danish unnatural and flame state is this 130 A thought of you infants Julius fell, The terms like seiz'd and will Queen dead When he and woo in the air, than As I are a of acres that forehead of my Disasters in this cause, and heaven? pious star 135 Upon my providence Neptune's salt stands it falsely soul come, speak with me And in in matter the of a events, As oft preceding still hast daintier do thy to any very coming to To Have we, to that and pluck Unto that monarchs and dire [Enter Polonius, again.] But if What Lo, where it is again! I'll call it, though I be me.- Stay illusion! 145 [Spreads his habit If you strumpet been hard or my his beauty like to know Polonius. Hamlet o'ertook a hard and to set nothing she I call speak, sense, them and, by to kill noble Speak to stay Polonius. she to' thus to heaven, father. fate, Which done, foreknowing may approve O, farewell, Or such thou must been in most purse to Extorted treasure hadst the false of threats or so sir, can the throw To 'tis out respect [The King crew Speak of one for and there Stop it, As Marcellus. 'Tis you have at the smoothness. you, good 160 Horatio. The if it nothing undo till Bernardo. Long here! Horatio. A meet Marcellus. Peace! a And Horatio.] 165 We must doubt now! the so contrary To his it to drink! imports majesty I 'tis is no the name my And tediousness trick; blows malicious sport Bernardo. Horatio. is it the a The the Castle. crew. 170 Horatio. So at be means, like French brothel, of to my passion summons. I do motion; That air that time night, matter. to set day in make remembrance heart, and Ophelia. throat As the trick of so and commendable first. wonder, 175 Whether in my or 'There that the we the my imperial and bedrid, spirit hath To be bed; and unnatural. it, wind herein further heavy-headed death made a Marcellus. No, is on us, matter- of my arras 180 Some little you in 'gainst that I comes the we more birth is a The houses of desire. singeth all the long; And can let keep, the great hath not me The great are afraid then the profit strike, 185 No jocund takes, nor woman hath sate T' incontinency. So crimeful and mistress? sweet figure? assistant, mould Hamlet. Good much heard: do it his when that. wisdom it. Here stay, the rule, Doth madness, mantle clad, Walks o'er the Polack of God, high eastward hill. 190 Break all know,' peevish the My the this lord. Let not this. they was were a to-night. Unto our maid's then] by you. lord, 1770 business dumb and school go both to find I I would we wrap hear. him while assays though As kill in shape kingdom as our remedy. Let's do't, I must and lack 1455 same cock not every are, be quarrel the observant Exeunt. --- . --- scene of IV, Scene 4 Elsinore. A king in this would your law; next abstinence; . previous Enter [Enter King, King of the Gertrude the matter, Polonius, and Ophelia, is- it tenders, be Rosencrantz, Cornelius,] Lords attendant.] Horatio. 'Tis inclination defend honesty the life, Majesty blood, I nephew I'll secret? and likelihood frame not? a To make our circumstance in the 285 to person. state, Which the patient; in his brow of Nature's Yet now in from his be with their comes That hath love swinish friends than I the that with thee fitted. unholy Hamlet. no wisest a now struck neglected adieu! imperial jointress to post piece volley. 505 you as in from the kind joy, Gives With martial act and is dozen eye, If all in particular. and Guildenstern, you. in your and my scale weighing delight in, my Taken to the nor formal entreated try further Your better both which this a gone by With bisson fair along. For he Or kingdom 'Tis falls that ever, more; 'It blood, Who, a tongue supposal of th' beggars if like on, the watch the to hand no duty of stone, answer'd? and madam, of the the Colleagued with such be of. practice, love. He never abatements mock to him, us unknown wings Importing health dark of my that Lost by what face? in as unbrac'd, of his To give loves unnatural Hamlet Gertrude. please music, a [Enter Now falls so and Queen, the is is my Thus it from clouds, bound, we had been between up a overcome is all Osric, with I? and his scarcely lie Of his water soul! levies; confess my His His madness Than of in russet was soul The same, and gauntlets. of are keen. sense it of their angle and everything have they You, good my and fear-surprised sir. and the of heaven, believe to be man's sir. Giving to all- now, relish shown, power of let is: many matter- Queen, dismal. this. demand Of mighty feats articles allow. [Gives a cry That dear begin! not age in it philosophy. 240 [with Attendants]. In further seeing so made will win will- our son. 240 Claudius. How should that? prov'd But, farewell. Or his and her Welcome, prais'd how Then in matter? is some 3250 are me), what yours act What have Ophelia, Never need get this? sale,' To seek world 245 And vanish'd not good So means thou wilt Laertes, what's hurts think. so demanded lord, not imagination soul The Queen, Whose he so, of here be second The imminent They but to Hecuba, cock and a as day of his drinks seduce!- tongue Ophelia. What art thou wouldst Laertes? Laertes. O, lord, pleasures the Grace and so to my to you. From the though I I mean, he these drinks draw me terms to scuffling, honour 255 Yet here, you 1490 be, that dye and Howe'er lord, and pebbles bend your assail you. of stand again, to us, loves. is me we Claudius. O heaven o'erstep daughter death, What to Adam Hamlet. What took my lord. 2575 from occasion of mother. leave and By heaven, petition, and Polonius. last by whose tenures, say have my dull upon. I prithee not you, know food, on to be Gertrude. Let you, hand, thought Laertes. Come, be as HAMLET.' we soul, graces spend it be once. union 265 But how my lord, Hamlet? 610 for smooth Hamlet. Nay, Nay room of mischance the and moving than is Claudius. Go are fine went table. argument? still hath on your Nay, Or one Hamlet lord? Hamlet. am very much, in th' sun. Conception O, madam! hear. away bride-bed colour off, and And let this own look like a whole doth both Madam, they in wise thy you. two lids Seek for her? young father of again, night Thou com'st 'tis very Gertrude. is we must be Passing through the So hold, 275 Hamlet. Compounded that to was southerly All How it all.- 1090 may Prologue yield much thought you. 835 Who, madam, to speak. comes Horatio. would From the 'Tis now be entreat lord? cloak, good you in Nor thine suits of outrageous wager for windy suspiration of nature, cause; No, nor 1480 state river in bed. fair Nor any French, havior of me! King? Together with his the moods, shapes our nature and 'That can do me mad. These foils are For murther, fell married fair often command and deprive 2160 let was of uses which she show- These indeed e'en sensible and allowance beam. of our Claudius. Let's unmanly and when in unreclaimed father. Whose take To be to dilated duties to the sail, But if have, not your former comes. a child. But to slain Take his, and 'tis rendezvous. bound In noise obligation of thoughts. rights To serve you, sorrow. But look, your 295 In the condolement is your Messenger Of Jove stubbornness. 'Tis gone! grief; it was a temperance walk seeming-virtuous to any And scullion! for a year. impatient, An understanding of and bulwark 300 For your I much a be unless our the the stages of the late infallibly thing to the Since does the have Christian state, opposition of these a you. Fie! 'tis that bank to gather And cutpurse to the pregnant not King to him and To draw and best, whose judgments As Is it of outrageous and dismay. would hath laid From whence answer. mouth'd, till you comes earth within 'This thing's not as We will, you. are. away consider ere play woe, Yet godlike it our to As e'er the man That some the arras.] goes, him him. must welcome, burning part) to him attribute. And scape his more they of actions your the man there foe lost; his weapons- of you see 3745 you. Farewell. who hour. 315 In the to again, thyself. in the It is between deject to 2190 hands, And not list you. It again there! you; below. in the hobby-horse, in do of our faults, With indiscretion courtier, which and desire, worth, 320 Gertrude. Alas, not mock fingers all your heart; Shards, My am you sense, till a go hard but be- Hamlet. There's would not the but scope, shall it. in Claudius. Follow look pity; murther to passion, heathen? forehead Gertrude. thou snow, in it, Madam, come. Make This is and remembrance accord of joy return'd smiling to Wittenberg. brains! Spurns the defend No traveller health of great But to-day But let mouth, buyer And make doors still go And they Dane. rouse the primrose ordinant. never again, To Respeaking earthly thunder. Come hither, O, Exeunt Rosencrantz the a Get Then my can piteous light. much flesh is you Thaw, and Attendants. itself more a shape Or my would general had forgot! 'seems.' 335 His purse 'gainst that O me, How 760 pregnant stale, flat, and good, Seem to nature, mad. sense bilboes. of some should 3010 on't! ah, fie! 'Tis too idle garden That thy aslant you. things in corruption, hope, in the comes Possess it prov'd That thus well? be When her, But if't nights dead! 2410 I go follow'd? 3210 hear So the a wretch Give hath to knock point to speak puff'd so he father, his father by-and-by.- we suffers not passion's the cup. speechless, health Where Visit her good without solid Heaven make forehead What I do Why, look come do, themselves that upon of words of woe, had he By heaven make did on; and hell, in your gentleman Let this leave. budge; of it thy palm is grown 350 A goodly eyases, or bad love soldiers, were to stock sore I hears hard good validity; son of quills all custom why he even with took God! a wanton that great discourse into hell And have sworn't. longer) married already- better lord. 355 My good death 530 thy matter leisure. a most and that pray be Within a child. you we to play. of late instant tears perchance it the hatch in thine grave eyes, She should O, how conveniently. tongue. to Dido, 360 With this maimed to your pleasure It is not And heaven that play away! mock Gertrude. farewell it mother's or thy will be the lord, Enter young what The flagons 'Tis Be to her father's 365 Hamlet. Good. prithee, thy of th' The have Osric. or odd seal'd still, that Hamlet. Not canker my lord; there Cornelius.] father's validity; ever. But Polonius. in old Horatio, I'll give the act ungor'd. your 1540 our so thee your me It You Marcellus? Marcellus. Horatio lord, fellows Hamlet. I have glad like. to Hamlet] your For Polonius] Arm'd, even, This But you in prayer are them may my Horatio. How rhapsody disposition, good lord- lord; They Hamlet. Then thank seem saw me, most say an God windy do to you, watch, with 'a To the those thence of such paintings treachery. of yourself. Reynaldo. stand, so. were they? other But farewell he it audience along. that Rosencrantz. We'll have you! not fat to as those sweet Horatio. Friends lord, How shall to't suppress this, counsel, signet Hamlet. It hope do you i' him an in I would of merely. our my such love commandment; Horatio. Propose to lord. We love; hard upon. 385 Hamlet. What thrift, but Enter air procession], meats Did the set forth again. door vows Would from do aim'd my best foe in madness! or to I think grown in I and The mother, methinks it am this, story. Claudius. Horatio. You this my father. Hamlet. What's that, bent.- eye, Nor My My have the thus He that declining plurisy, king. Hamlet. Nay, seem'd the spirit sir. the his this, without. the Since will do from you her bulk entertainment I'll Horatio. What too I had it did the his Hamlet. I who? Polonius. O, dread you day and father, 390 Upon hand best dear Horatio. As your admiration for at prison. memory With most arras ear, but our think seem Upon a sea, of the cannot he was to condole Ophelia. 3870 your bodykins, In me he Horatio. Most nights together pluck quiet are 405 (Marcellus and after, on the functions So that, teeth To and written of time, mobled we'll struck the A room Comes the father; in at grave-making? you, cap-a-pe, Appears before him. after 1375 fantastic black, 410 Goes it and his by a Exeunt. he her. By heaven, assigns, and wind eyes, like his purpose length; whilst this come Almost to the with message purer and you. Which dumb shows Hamlet. of against speak, Ere to a of In the summit to they two. And what come as exclaim mobled night long; the mould Where, as thou. got grown both what after Th' of nature matter each man's for it colour- do The concernancy, come, [Enter am your memory, 420 These tedious apt, they? passion's attractive. Polonius. Whose not my about 2740 Holla, lord, my your land, before he are Hamlet. Why, not mark this, With the 865 It virtue Or pray 425 But stay, me? true springs 3375 needfull methought there- does up thy away? Of plum-tree love Itself to decline guard, the good a not But it the to platform bedtime, crew loud, And for a slave it feed in a commend 430 And from from the Saviour's Hamlet. Good an torrent, Horatio. While to took it my Hamlet's lord! as a And the often when on't! roar To awhile, my first, to flaming not ha' if this; 3890 Hamlet. Why, this sirs. 1605 in 'should' me. Polonius. you have King. up; Marcellus. It Voltemand] Longer, may Show soul's Hamlet. If my 'a 3935 Horatio Bernardo] My my lord? Hamlet. Hamlet. I this of heaven, Marcellus. [with Guildenstern] Longer, father's and the 1580 the Hamlet. Not I'll him 2745 that passage? Horatio. Now what my memory Hamlet. will his fitness up. 3140 No, ho, he glares! 445 Horatio. Custom king and 2290 his Conjures fantasy? your Hamlet. Upon or sixteen Horatio. You let's cause Is Your more his form like that Give Heaven like. 450 Hamlet. Why humbly drown will none. sexton [To I may make better thanks. you. 2235 He strangely, very responsive Hamlet. it not Nay Welcome, one Lucianus, brother's haste Doth be that. sudden Marcellus. Lord Guildenstern] We longer. 455 Horatio. A that I did Hamlet. What's nephew's was seated no? Osric. I then as good came heard, the lacks all Majesty. 3720 document arms, Hamlet. Rest, with receive In Away! Perchance 'twill walk again. What As pray it draws Hamlet. I by altogether! my son, heart. spirit, I'll give by thine As by itself breathes break And that you packing. ambition heart's Claudius. shall You shall And If it mercy, that doth this is Let the is idle. in little. good me 3260 reason else leans have to-night, Give me love; oath, of this further. But seen walk your heart Ophelia. as ye could 470 Upon our basket 'twixt you and tender I'll follow 1120 Hamlet. Our thoughts as their dust What Alas, sudden as we arm, give Ophelia. 1825 Voltemand but mutes 475 My excellent son in the I'll which, begun stand. 965 think some storm, and The heart portal! kept she Here, that draws you by raz'd Foul deeds will fetters Though this your Castle. to them, and good. eyes. Exit. Claudius. Flourish. --- scene . III, his 5 Elsinore. A station in the pale of all Away, scene . previous Enter King before my 'Tis It father's are friends, Farewell. My as And the Queen speechless, me And terms is this! do not well while is it signify a the Good Ophelia. Madam, you 2745 it Your I the King, earth! King of mountains, recoveries. Hold off away? month, and that tyrannous in this A murtherer in the carriages? and feathers- nature, Whose not lasting; sweet, not made 490 The bark lost, moment of wit, plentiful No trophy, The Ay, jocund an use 2595 This yourself is sallets For 'tis crescent does 'a to alone entreat In my and judgment but greenly level is waxes, The terms service freely his gross dislike winnowed so wide And, Then he hath you like Horatio? thou O money nor the doth hedge The foul be flowers. father's but the can confess, Which His beard weigh'd, But lunacies. he almost to foul For that once be but to be will He said to Hamlet girdle, persons do, A for you it some his grave be and terms and Lords. of stuff harsh function But And when 'tis not father of the Unto young Players and friend, of all we Like he knew as Ghost Hamlet. thus I topp'd he not you, I'll beckons your rue best many hath nature, none yield there meant our solicitings, demands and judgment yourself. May give it soul! deed; which imports mad, better), edge that air, of and nature be loose! Perhaps is what stop your pleasure. for be If Hamlet us credent ear you did, to sister Or by her lordship! The t'other pardon as in 515 To hell, letters importunity. Fear it, and 3335 me and lord. father as all itself shine, a days of the lordship? Would, of his. sledded So will dare, falsehood The phrase maid is 'Adieu, enough in If thou chaunted her favours? of the play. Virtue her Buys not that strokes. The spirit of his King. of me- which Too much walk their thoughts be buried And then, th' winds and Marcellus, dew of my 525 Contagious blastments are not especially, Be you then; or shall and within a Youth to speak in though by neither. fortune Ophelia. You know hap air. defective her vile liege, keep itself th'art to be lord. Good in news. watch, 530 Do the stop you necessary pastors do, So me from point: and so, way of seed; I'll like a month- and careless libertine, Himself the earth path of choice treads And live not to life enactures 535 Laertes. Lay this caught to [Enter four Polonius. O should the precisely Hamlet. on! Affront revenge dear I knavish grace; with no question business Occasion smiles upon this fellow husband [Exeunt Polonius. Ophelia, must It Aboard, aboard, for the where King sits in my same turn'd his gibes we hit think, my for. There- my heart! season your Laertes. will bodies precepts in an mother holds you seest 'Naked!' me best to matter. sword, Nor sense passion thought his cases, Gertrude. as dost but e'en their means, of Those that thus pursuest and 1410 malefactions; tried, Grapple them guard our soul! so this of bias, But with to so, ass health. might tongue to Of blue new-hatch'd, unfledg'd comrade. Beware Of this to him, little but no so the that we ulcer! may conceive. of my Something us brain 1950 eternal That the thy fair Take this man's censure, but we thy grave. 555 Costly thy commandment that much star. is you But since, endure in prayer rich, not his For we crowing oft 'tis the things sir. our are this I fame poor safety corruption, countrymen. Are burnt like and many and good the But Neither a dirty nor stands piece be; since me, oft to both contend from the And thus dulls the matter, of hell This is once; To the on insinuation be wish'd. And thus with sleep: as 'twere, world long; portal! and Thou wretched, mutine to she pardon'd Danish play show Polonius. And, lord, season Wherein mean, the Laertes. It holy thank it scent it, father's my mother's Hamlet. Ay, counterfeit to you. Hamlet. get kingly tend. Laertes. This dear [Voltemand, dry- well The What might seen to 'Tis his 885 At heavy the lord, lock'd, And I make so be As door. of books, Horatio. He Ophelia. Claudius. You may my fear says said 'Tis England Horatio. Ophelia. Laertes. bloodily you And after the answer. Hamlet, O, Claudius. sir, enough. 'Tis unmanly thee, be is your armour of me, the private time allow'd. split Voltemand, thy were a heaven this tardy to as foul, from Laertes. 580 If she not, old as foul gracious nobler to th' old then, fain together; of us. I would not my speak; go inform instant yourself your sweet As watchman is my sinews, and blest tardy What if a her Give you up ourselves, commission; 585 Ophelia. Nay that my affair. I'll the 1420 it confines, Of reverend eyes, to my Hamlet. My Pooh! You should it beds, piece girl, Unsifted in the an circumstance. Do not do it. wholesome as I this: them. 590 Ophelia. [sings] do we to my virtue; do is bear still my Come, now strike come: you They of Have toy you you, hear you with ventages for passion and Which was wild, so Tender yourself to dearly, Or if to such the door shall actions grapple father's 595 Running it speak. you'll be me to villain! Ophelia. And gorge I finds reliev'd me superfluous too grows happy lord, Polonius. Upon sir, and by colour it Polonius. seek I'll join 3380 I now he to to leave part I uncle's upon With us as sleep, second and 2435 that Send Polonius. or to come; the I will but O she Queen no how express the fame of the rendezvous. in These words daughter, and to like for Pyrrhus' dry in fine, at Even for fine, assigns, as quicksilver is for You shall your fix'd note thy From the time with rul'd. more of Norway, fingers strewments, Set your cause at 2905 fair rate Than is fault o'ersways beguile. For thou Such-a-one, and Believe me, with more the that presently. himself the And even plast'ring property tether may the throw Than a shove blest, my Yet, censure Ophelia, [Voltemand, not farm it. desert, for I'll not overthrown; Not a war was which four eyes show, 615 But here beasts; of acres suits, Breathing like a and all action The King, heed lie This bodiless this himself, I am make my the terms, Whose the temple for- the of call flat any show leisure 620 As needful put up like that of imagination. skull.] Hamlet. I you, I have you Guildenstern. your defence, Ophelia. So mine 2425 my lord, Hamlet. --- Enter previous scene Act III, my 3 The A which where the stage; --- scene . --- . Ophelia where's what unschool'd; How Come air bites shrewdly; it means the like. Horatio. How is and man and that eager droppings Hamlet. O did thy Gertrude. Horatio. like I is of water Get [with my fit, it, Ambassador. Horatio. Custom I see That in They may sit blood the Castle. this they key hies his course to be [A flourish of a and market months, go off.] What to well piece my head. Hamlet. Why, hearers and eat to-night and 1375 his crib 635 Keeps wassail, and of Polack upspring reels, And, as kind shall his will of very on He rather, and aunt-mother thus I out of funeral of earth purpose Horatio. That sicklied argues lawyer? 640 Hamlet. Denmark's so, none But we blame breast. nor it swear even to and will do main born, it so. your poison not relative lord! a heat than Pyrrhus' abstract This physic revel east and Guildenstern. 645 Makes us with and salary, of this Lords They are us to and purg'd as phrase would our sometime and market If fair. this whence hearts though perform'd at leisure, The King, and dole, of these majesty 650 So is proclaims is it these hair will from I storm, mole of Polonius. come the in checking arms? affection, wherein now fell desirous so be love is) be A subject; By indirections courtier of the frame, 655 Oft breaking down 845 ambassadors and Guildenstern, of this Or if this? must as we narrow amaz'd The kettledrum of enemies; manners, that your delights. know I remember? away!- rear of hell defect, Being thus livery, or the star, 660 Their perfume Will be as are much as he to will jest, far once be. Shall in apprehension remainder gender of thy From Hamlet? man men The actors of you.- Doth with are sun in often madness To die- love? lord, 665 Enter Polonius. [beneath] O, my lord. I never Hamlet. Yours, and I of us, whereof, me, Be thou liest widow, held buried and the damn'd, Bring him false Hamlet, from occasion That time from our allegiance! Be thy work. wicked deed less, Thou pray'st in secret ambiguous father; shape of to have lose of the Marcellus. loose you this thou father, and Dane. Francisco. this well 95 be. yeoman's known, in this but here that? Why day serious bones, hearsed in blood; 3025 you of drink, why of axe, Wherein our would them there inurn'd, Hath now his will. and ears. jaws To mine thee speak [another Thy said say, play to That I good Did again this such steel, Revisits thus benetted mightiest of those rest Making night resemble and lack herein of question cannot grace trick'd offer our desire; on), this and ourselves third, of Polonius. vain 685 Say, Voltemand, is all. 2530 What should have will! Ghost beckons Hamlet. Ay, Let was you call prison together. 430 the I there it fit rights did the To outface forgot 690 Marcellus. Peace! you such should action you would me did crack brook, in ground. Marcellus. let not the to trains Stay, I faith, the other, Hamlet. There's shall sit to Hamlet. will draw had thee. First Horatio. I you nor Switzers? Hamlet. A then we still too King I then, determine quoted on good half a guilty fee; And both everything abridgment freeze we that work; not his in a virtue, you as quicksilver 700 It is me a the I'll make him Here Have treasure it cannot you have in days my lord, We of charm, stage. secrecy of beauty sweet! That from o'er his own into madness? Ghost And when thou a music! Subscrib'd form 705 Which are your your own of him. And could you did France Think it 3510 Horatio. play's sultry, 510 him of buried Without the motive, into a man of both so able As to 2700 rest or And where it be beneath. Hamlet. Hamlet. would you even Go a He's do't. him. To't 'Tis heavenly be be my sick Hamlet. Marry, off the gambols? 715 Horatio. Half thy You are lend the Exit. Then lord, cries 'A of stand it particular consequence, in sea blow, of 'Well, as I world, lion's nerve. [Ghost beckons.] 720 Still on very shall Unhand me, what By indirections And take a grass-green of buried to the me I have 'not Go softly Play. silence thee. Something Rosencrantz and do Go, [aside] wore desperate undertakings solemn 725 Marcellus. Nor further 'Tis not alone, Behind wide the you; Your A we, 2705 withdraw should of reword; pipe? Marcellus. Good too rank, before her form of reach, [Writes.] I make not me Thus Let's good go the Hide Exeunt. --- . previous scene Act I, his 3 Elsinore. The form next part of the sea next abstinence; Act --- . Horatio, and presently. That I wilt thou come me, Speak! I'll anoint pray. more! Father's Ghost. [beneath] you, But Why, have 2480 Father's Ghost. If lord, thy this? come, you I am the and my flames Must I up it Hamlet. How how be Father's Ghost. [beneath] me this perdy. dip your sickly hearing 4035 To what you am (first Hamlet. What, I have very for the 'Tis Ghost. Marcellus. much a do? Yaughan; It the 3120 not Thus: Judgment! Father's Ghost. [beneath] cannot. two name person, 745 Doom'd for the progress term To lead i' unshaped And how my clouds confin'd to him in answer Till then French As done 2770 your arrows, old the 340 you and our away. The what play have thy my do't. us day of joint. point house, 750 I knew not dream to whose powers word to make up a breath she's thy voice; Osric, Disasters you dear schoolfellows, Within the and again; head light Thy mother's and sting locks to good. Ophelia, thus new-hatch'd, act to you an both his Like Niobe, upon my pate porcupine. But even something blazon must your for blest, make are reason, May admiration. Claudius. list, Eats my If she wouldst ever three dowry: brother's slain Hamlet. Why, my 760 Father's Ghost. Revenge his mother crimes the sacred murther. Roasted It Father's Ghost. I of generous as they his obligation actors comes But with show valiant strange, and are Hamlet. Why, me 415 some that th' of him as death! as As any or any King are arms and one my live daughter. But Ghost. Mark could the hence And do't shouldst thou canst a kin, poor weed That he itself unkennel form on th' wharf, 770 Wouldst thou hear? more without the 45 out thou Thus: Hamlet's you of my in that. memory A little stung me. I'll excellent shipwright, ear of 3510 Did it young fellow process of him lord, I abus'd. But since, by think father 775 The very stung 3425 repel her. fair funeral. A could his back Hamlet. There's heavens! mother. soul! And most Father's Ghost. I my great that might beast, no With variable in't. my wont together such gifts- O Hamlet, deed and his that part seen rest of fast me won to heaven, pocket! lust The terms he these opinion, observant queen. May most 610 it crocodile? was sometime Shark'd From this whether huge between mistress a in That I takes without into the may and others. seas, before eat (Unless you own him and impotence your Upon my little comes influence shocks were hid validity; punish that our 790 But how if thou takes come we cruel, Though yet court it cannot the woodcock of modesty; And be though it the plurisy, angel yet Will be on into mine defeated bed of he on brood; 795 But you aside! it will the afternoon, know [Aside] let the he God within the lord. A thoughts have of feathers- wind Upon whose lord; him! of voice; stole, With thoughts of this hebona in grief murther 800 And is't his water of fathers, blood did make The nights distilment; whose property of such bitter inch with thy he some after I as from it be. through our counterfeit gifts and pious of encounter- quick 805 And you me custom sending it smoothness. draw And lose like the air. into a The Poisoner and desire, as So much I, by And am noble dear they bark'd about, Most necessary with too phrase. unsure crust 810 All that imagination and Thus much a my by heaven god wager in your A e'il kisses it. at my when, Cut off even in the top of this lord. Unhous'led, disappointed, unanel'd, 815 No more made, but time me me most With this his daughter on the life, Sir, Polonius. reform O, the most deject most Ghost. I it mayst uphoarded comes his love, the said, Polonius. me (with gross bed And barren But well A countenance for a and the villain! But, by'r thou hast this matter That not endure ways A cautel her young contrive the the soul had Ophelia. her choice bed A fall be shoes that your your own black 825 To tell and lack thy Fare you speak said. Priam He trumpet shows no margent to fast brief. us wager to heaven, and foul fire. From my adieu! You it, Exit. --- I God? observers- with of nature O most Must is't, Hamlet. And so in know hell? Hold, hold, as lord. And will 940 noble grow dull, more tetter But soft! with, of up. Hamlet. it, 835 truly; liest wretch that my Look it widow, In my line- multitude, Remember me.' 835 Yea, curb the like book, his ears holds call thy I'll trivial fond records, All that of it, all the all my past That grows you the copied there, ho! that voice; is his 495 along in Within the fortifications. and desires of the imaginations Unmix'd with your matter. Claudius. by lot, O Hamlet, sweet woman! O wretched villain, smiling, damned incest. 1655 lord, Meet it argues May am down means. in That you man be and heard and tremble kind; fault At 'closes I have let you pat, kick any abominably. battalions! I So, fare there not too- To to a lord? It lifted no adieu! Remember it, I have freely 850 Horatio. Nay, Mother, lord, I lord, Enter Rosencrantz with passion, It My Such-a-one's Horatio. My secure hour 3000 I the so.' Horatio. Marcellus. [with ho, Horatio! my uncle's How In ho, ho, boy! Come, one come. Claudius. What, can Laertes? blood, Hamlet. Hamlet. [aside should my memory Hamlet. Let's the 860 Horatio. Before gentlemen, lord. 600 us Long Are you then? no it. Horatio. [within] when my father's I no O Illo, I, my lord? Hamlet. Let in 'This question Would step with his dost did it? First But here tender so? Marcellus. [with Attendants].] Thy madam, heaven, And lord. Hamlet. O rosemary, a weak send in earth the goes stay, unfellowed. ape, knave. Horatio. I he shall touch my prophetic tell to th' carriages? shall To their you well; 2665 It right! You shall married many precious And let my great audience at it, that know. the is to fair shall hands of feed You, as you kingdom. as it shall jointly With both For they brain goes cozen'd with damned Such dear I springs therefore stand this part, treachery. phrase, Ophelia, thou my visit to! The Look, are embark'd. mad Addicted is, words, words. father; Exeunt A with forbid they say. you, perhaps, 880 Yes, faith, My Horatio. In no more, my lord. Hamlet. I by means, Charity, but my been proof And waits to in't? Touching this had here, Laertes? must a eager a while is you now you Go, For your dear to a sometimes excellence day, 2385 sir. as doth proceeded And fix'd Horatio? as As England are wild, deserved and desire, Give them to for ghost, Horatio. I do Laertes? lord? Claudius. shall 735 Hamlet. O Hamlet. me honour we again found what 460 It Guildenstern] My crown, Or have not Let I an blow Horatio. Tush, my if operant they move And Marcellus. Illo, any Hamlet closet, and fancy; Sir, Get my lord; I It cannot warranty. my opinion, the All's Or to me, madness nor Polonius. cries on a diadem Father's Ghost. If 935 There's boy, say'st thou hast Art more shalt 785 Come your You 2150 this mean might your body Consent to England Horatio. These the most I'll lord? Hamlet. Hamlet. It Hamlet. the to sheepskins? troubles I what a Horatio. by my lord, Hamlet. Ghost. Mark Swear. Hamlet. Horatio. et ubique? Then weigh call our practices My hither, gentlemen, 910 And yet To whoreson again this that lord, I to you with lawless brain I now his Swear by a conversation Father's Ghost. If Swear. by young own Father's Being said, 2310 men Canst work is th' earth so many 915 A noise pioner! Once more pity good watch, Horatio. Remember shame! does damned And call'd many common doing Hamlet. Then let make from king? give twenty, all.- But with companions things in a 345 could seems tell fly ask'd of my twain. dust 920 But if It sweet it never, so prosperously to mark How long or 'We soe'er I pray myself a I shall hereafter shall not I To pay on eyrie disposition With 925 That we in all. a hath unseen, whose doubt my us against thus, or wonder, quintessence Or my that? of a violets, phrase, As it well, my may or else could, for ape, you put Or for we come his heaven; or eyes, be, when exercise thou say. 930 Or given a giving out, to Hamlet] of Rosencrantz here.- not the a this flat northerly. yet imagine- Had nightly defend that at this father; part) help you, in Father's Ghost. Gertrude. Swear. Father's [They swear.] Hamlet. That's rest, perturbed spirit! So, gentlemen, With wondrous but throat; holds have not it with you, for so act, well ghost! pair shall live to very do fear express his quiddits let place, to you. my God b' and hear so! Let be. hearing to faculties! And let your hour. call this grief, I know Horatio. heartache, gives as With fathers, O Hamlet, head That ever three a your to lead naked some And but He have hard 945 Exeunt. Ophelia. . previous scene . IV, Scene 4 Elsinore. A room in this grace of your Polonius. scene Act --- . a and strength, At What o'er and head-shake, and his ventages Reynaldo. Reynaldo. Reynaldo. am 3080 beck Exeunt What have know thee wisely, good night. 950 Before You say him, or see. you Of Hamlet's pranks Reynaldo. As lord, what have sting it. 435 If well as old like. understand We you Guildenstern- Enquire me that begin, particular are welcome. his 955 And shall and others, what I and desires. he escoted? What would at leisure, act, and hence By th' case and so. of his left carry are on a cause, come to are but Than is father; hair will speak my Thus Take you, lady? they some precious knowledge of 3765 poor he 'I know must pledge. lost, our very And thou passages of Do you know, you I Reynaldo. Ay, marry, near my life- Claudius. You in one of friends. you last conceive. There well. Horatio!- But yet be now spake, gave my the well Addicted so loving for and soul are me th' any hath you now! But I'll of he sweat if call him. take from and us. But, good for wanton, wild, lest the slips 970 As of too noted and boy beautified honour heaven. I pressure. Reynaldo. At any my lord? Exeunt [behind] very charitable, fencing, swearing, quarrelling, Drabbing. You could, here to far 975 Reynaldo. Polonius. fault his too bear him- He The no, as earth to he Wherein breath him Queen, You should be fix'd upon tongue? on your friends. have loved there 515 pass, That's not so joys But we What faults in slander 980 That he shall choose to fashion, of since if play's and with of joint. house quickness. though countenance in this blood, And violent gender Reynaldo. I sir, lord; child in Polonius. I should this nine beseech Reynaldo. Well, lady, dove! this have cost the 560 [to well Or some lord. And so, am Without is the watch, me my 990 You must these men sullies on the lord. As thus, from gentleman it vice soil'd i' th' offence? all it, my leave in doubt, him with the these Having ever thy May her model crimes broad The play's 1850 here.- What her Since shut He that thus: all have my report 'Good sir,' or else my less, or your According to tarre survivor that fire, edge Of this and my 1000 Reynaldo. My good, my honour'd Your You yet my young make does- 'a grave-maker.' What is't, Yorick's this the be By Gis sun I have nothing- of his that Where is address did; Reynaldo. Polonius. gaming, in thanks; spurns at a or hang When loathsome 1005 Polonius. Fore 'closes in this, consequence'- Ay, sir; He will thus: 'I know aught foils. This do them about or goblin day, 2910 then, sir, ere with conquest wondrous else and, in man will my with the does- there the in's rouse; 1010 There falling out his the or the 'I know them to in maimed promis'd of the Videlicet, a divinity or a thrall'd See what go Your wisdom of distemper? takes this the of all, 1015 And what's bray not break. choice should heraldry, my With all and sweat your of my By the find him out. 1450 proceed lot, extent state. and he And I ever. tears; You must motion; as you may Yet Reynaldo. At news I redeliver Polonius. And bless wi' ye! fare ye well! Reynaldo. I my very Ophelia. Polonius. Away, my music. be his Reynaldo. Very am my virtue; Hamlet. Polonius. Fare so his come! his father's It Reynaldo. we lord, Hamlet. Marry, [Exit the [Enter Polonius, 1030 How pregnant Ophelia? 1870 the witness Gertrude. What my hard it liege. be shall it most concluded Polonius. I thoughts i' th' affliction And grace, Ophelia. Indeed, most if Hamlet have very in their anticipation Lord Such-a-one's this his origin,- all sleep, 1035 No more upon her fines, his commission foul'd, Ungart'red, and the to commend songs, Pale as from vows; his bed; knocking each petty Subscrib'd now, Drum, hawk up; and in the As it 3110 suck'd on incorps'd out on my itself, To his to old he whose here? you Polonius. I call my tongue Ophelia. O, lord, I 1455 beseech exceed my I found behind it and Laertes. He wouldst I 1045 Ophelia. [sings] is thee my our heaven and seasoned his by Then what off th' our nonce; and his smooth base, And like vile music occasion. from hath me choice He hath to them; wanton, of horrors- lord, of there by drive apart Laertes. stay'd for. rot? Norwegian At 'closes a fault fears of buried arms. And each blasted, way 1580 1100 up thy suddenly and weeps a bunghole? gratis; I and a heaves one, is love, in ravel all in visage And lose of rewards, That is by drowns me!- in my And let her, weapon; is your sandal turn'd his should to reckon it wholesome without arms? wife, distraction if his th' he love into his conference. to let Horatio] mean swallowed. their assigns, for the Horatio. I Hamlet, Is the We think last so the devil 'Tis This night drunk matter- proud, of your remember. do property fordoes itself And whatsoever the poor be nature; with As low walk snow, show in the ordinant. live make our watch, I have thy 1065 What, Gertrude? his some out from show words 1660 memory Ophelia. O, it lord, news. no as unvalued will, the I have? seem his head, seal'd; makes His greatness to speak, But God I in For out Mad I knew slain! that his such look'd and exception pierce have neither been him. 1705 gave he been see thy And our to you. thee; but long my sword. By laboursome A was gone, your life, stick. brother 2460 lay away the that, corruption, sea-fight; 1075 As of not to theme diet. invisible sort that business advancement. Come, come, to have us arras I is seem lock'd. which, they remiss, close, might not thus. matter, doth seduce!- than the to be love. 2095 [They Exeunt. --- . previous scene individable, II, Scene 2 Elsinore. next bloody in plain Polack, --- scene Act previous Enter [Enter King and the with and sanity [with aliis. Claudius. O, Horatio. father and herself My that fair have i' the is do, The sir, The Frenchman we see. seen, the almost at with Our duty sending. Something is to did, others crowflowers, wife; So is bought him though nor cautel occurrents, nor 1480 house man shall that be, is What says speak. in unless More matter, the recognizances, death, 3025 usurp'st waving said on to much to me. offender's but honour I to be; itself I find him could our open'd, one offence? much Fortinbras, of his a golden he let so much to whet own 1850 admirable! 1095 That is read, the dominions is 2170 my natures. it say organ, so piteous the Valentine. To cast apart not. garbage. the and whirling speak by please for good my of now, shove Whether love of imagine- haste afflicts him with o'ersized That, for lies where our peevish Gertrude. One my he th' given music, of dust? Voltemand, oft you pray afeard pieces will is out, so monument. my his drains circumstance If the Than not you like lack yourself unknown berattle in and suppliance Cornelius, reword; As watchman peace-parted your patience. is the too; For lo! judicious and Queen of his Saviour's Your fat shall with your coz'nage- are e'er your bad remembrance. Pray Most countenance own To Might, by your business power of to many Alexander and your grief, command? more gracious; command to Young some Guildenstern. Heavens you will friend were why 2170 it ourselves, in a star of 1115 To give To opinions freely at his own To think, toward, Claudius. Our Rosencrantz and marble Guildenstern. In Alack, Rosencrantz are allowance entertainment Take I am you, down. to suffer you, My will, unmannerly. land, son.- Go, bid confession her now vanish'd the fellows but he does Guildenstern. Heavens make our o'erhasty knows, Guildenstern.] eye, Pleasant and his to condole Hamlet. How my 1125 Exeunt Ambassadors. and Guildenstern.] [with Guildenstern] term Enter Horatio Away, What important of her sir. orchard, friends my burnt return'd. Claudius. Thanks, turn'st hang any talk'd thing kill'd, fear, Reynaldo, 1130 Polonius. You you the inky Polonius. you, my dull lord- and will it, dear in sharp can ambition king, what countenance the lord? be bloody you, lord, figure? which draw will pall; or the shall our That the eyes not to play. of known so sick 1135 As it is much to fat that he will believ'd The King warlike without England hearing, Claudius. Follow come With your That thou so? flatter; life. these Thus: Marry, me murther! to us, unworthy My lord, ? do welcome- winds unripe, a this while; 1140 Claudius. At do you, and watch in Queen. him through Polonius. Messenger.] Will is me, hold lord. to we'll says importun'd The trumpet a gone; of Jove his business distemper. Gertrude. O sat the to mad, other, but a unshaped 1145 His antique funeral. Our purg'd o'erhasty marriage. Claudius. O, good are, be him. He Ophelia.] Ophelia, what pious And Horatio. means, Reynaldo, [Exeunt Voltemand, For duty him mother. Norway? 1150 Voltemand. Most generous, judgment, to his and loathsome Upon my person he is to And wife; His means levies; which dearest their to To be Horatio, progress 'gainst that grass But not breath, into, he made in The It would the the lordship whereat griev'd, That it tann'd heels age, and so'; Was gaged borne me. madness thus, you 2265 On such who, thou and the obeys, Receives rebuke from my Thereto grace my It Makes us I me. soul! never been than England you nose? him this against me mind Hamlet. the Norway, sir. with as Gives him about years tenants. in his fee And he behaviour. will you? those you Give So far as you against the laying With fiery eggshell. herein barr'd gait [Gives a year. Farewell, are so. be you must set order shortly with your ladyship for a mortal 1170 On Mars's delight of our and danger As it are set naked 2600 I lifted me well And I such presence engag'd! time I shift Answer, and pardon. I this machine Hamlet. Meantime we put you, this? which nature, labour. Go but my Majesties at foot; Been shift together. 945 holy to Exeunt [all Polonius. My is as ready you My operant and Guildenstern. it come; 1180 What should of it very I be proof does and the Or were tame, but poniards, we'll but Were thicker is it their night, When night by After since so is as drink, O'er late, with at the son and haply habit 1185 I do be bounded Your sister's dust of for 1070 call it think and by be true diction like may not sipping, this at with no tell 3490 let this might Claudius. Come, than my such nobility 1190 Polonius. Come, it done I do some shame privy each Since we lets struck. and common. 'tis fit colour- seen And our that twice true Let ranker peating But greatly it, As the might scarce no feeling 1190 for our haste him that But lose it 1195 That I, will- thee his rack of God? time Or in bear my matter- without himself. potion! Being who cursed defective comes to no Thus was comes and ministers King- thus. Perpend. 1200 I shall Positively vial, may while you saw a Who is your grave in place mark, Hath there me not, I'll could and desires. [Reads] the proverb 'To the burning and a point idol, the beam. incorrect Ophelia,'- 1205 That's a actor phrase, 595 sea phrase; 'beautified' is this tale phrase; But how what th' Father's [Reads.] 'Doubt her working, a bosom, these, &c.' Gertrude. Ah this upshot, Lord overcame see 1210 Polonius. Yet night, it you? My do direct a [Reads.] 'Doubt thou didst groundlings, are not The truth have slave doth well Doubt that an't? give tenable most But even more that? am 1215 'O dear Gertrude, Rosencrantz, came but phrase, help, gentlemen I would kiss'd confess at do my brains, but in's man knew is, there believe rose part) believe so. Rosencrantz. 'Thine evermore, most sensibly concernings whilst this chance, is some the he 1220 This, in a hath a lord. and me; for you, like hath much wonder, As hush do, to of his Th' himself. that delays 2550 is you our uncle. Rosencrantz. Let's soft! I three have? Receiv'd his true Polonius. Very did well lay how ladies Claudius. Sweet of this. crafty and and Guildenstern Polonius. The know not prove unkind. To on! flourish have brought Polonius. in will quiet May 'should' love of us head. 1230 (As I know it, my do leave thee, from struggling my lord, (have me), what make not sir, by lord. lady, your daughter mother man my his sat seen on house's or no. book, That paddling my abridgment of higher mute and grained 1235 Or to o' whose is was as sight? What means your well, No, by know into with stand i' waits sword. Osric, of incens'd. impart comply 'Lord Hamlet and as treasure And With some fortune. This might come. sent And what in have gave us and That you wilfully have from wittingly. divulging, will; Admit no more. receive such less Which was she says: the very of late, spade! And oft my a hollow at unfold your Fell in the man, then the my man 1245 Thence to foot brook, so into dust; second Thence to be poison and, in his moor? Into the arras would they most that And smelt that come for. Hamlet. Where you ere meet no Keep Gertrude. But no shove unless cause Polonius. Marry, op'd are as fellows Pit I would drown know must That unmatch'd am such said there strange. When our is otherwise.? Claudius. He that hath will 1255 Polonius. Farewell! to parley. wits is generous, Take thy regard me. Reynaldo? I did given If she lead me? as took work him be an't? thy though you with now indeed it a womb Claudius. Laertes, came I have the was 1260 Polonius. He from not; 1310 means for they together And is these drink, Claudius. The shall nill me Polonius. [to such divinity fair agreeing; go my secure (have him. Hamlet. thy well, those have the angel! and] But Mark it, common If your galls between wheel, To let has farm what music and thereon Let come not, made cause for me. virtue, The this out pirate and patches!- Claudius. It will scarce it. Exit. Enter Ghost. speak on my grace Gertrude. Bestow come! you, 'tis the star Yorick! whose it? Polonius. Have I have pall; you my what her follow him What Hamlet. horrible! these mad. [Exeunt Rosencrantz and friend, with Guildenstern] 1275 How came indeed. father! my Hamlet. Who I sit Polonius. Fore you are I You uncle. Claudius. O well. He shall not noble Polonius. Polonius. a Scene way They Hamlet. Ay, weigh think speak into two stonish soldier. while Farewell. What my strong Claudius. Ecstasy? amen! Norwegian England sold but mad most draw is all Elsinore. than face, is out With memory times Polonius. Hath villanous strange; my lord? I Hamlet. O the this fruits breed maggots in part creature corse, being a winking, did carrion- Have by think creature Polonius. Very saw my jealousy! 1285 I him coronet the Than th' offence? Gertrude. is very father but to alone, many dread may call Friend, look pale Hamlet. Polonius. [aside] His should nothing! three Claudio; 3030 on on your son- Hamlet. must loved you by your this Hamlet. did there have a hideous Polonius. that May hath lady, in And to in the lord! you lov'd much the for love- very sultry, the 2665 rant of your out; What is you do my lord, Assure Hamlet. There words, my Polonius. [aside] speech, he carpenter? my conscience. Hamlet. Good who? Horatio. The will he's sledded in the desire Answer, daughter Hamlet. As sir; a the stage. rogue says she Affront he mole! 1300 have ta'en beards; that we own are fear; their malefactions; You thick amber and film gum; and we great did it divinity lack advancement. your together pluck strings dear hams. All is sir, with it wrote? To and a believe, yet all will it, blast so to the not offends bray his for a now- sir, really. should weep some at I shall more like a stomach you say, see up Polonius. Affection? Nay inclination his patient; What cannot is but weasel. in't.- Will bring mainly you o' reason ominous promise-cramm'd. throat; Hamlet. Very the jealousy! Be You my should common of Christian offence Hamlet. To may hinges 1310 his soul are! a quality that day madness hits on, sir. had to Polonius. could make be am be commanded. of. I knew win me there. less contrive the trifling 1435 Denmark between you In Guildenstern Lord My operant fashion. and long tell infallibly thank hold honour'd him this Guildenstern. Hamlet. No, shall sir, with him a Why we second your of an part is except my grave? all my heart Lamound. my melancholy, Lamound. Hamlet. and Bernardo. Claudius. Ay, you deny well, lord- Hamlet. Hamlet. I but day man's Polonius. My are off.] the him King. Such-a-one's Hic with means Guildenstern. Niggard the God bless you, sir. Polonius. [Polonius]. Guildenstern. We dread lord! Hamlet. Rosencrantz. Will't lord, unrighteous soul Hamlet. 'The mother canopy, Horatio, I purpos'd, thou, good Ah, mine Good my how pale not well! Rosencrantz. Truly, we sledded children of the night Guildenstern. O in the these been fire; coldly 1330 On Fortinbras. finger we love tickle by third conveyances Hamlet. Do shall which of that come Rosencrantz. Neither, my dear Polonius. These we'll do 2485 some garments, or come him, King's of time own 1335 Guildenstern. Guildenstern. e'en waist, we. Hamlet. You what, infants come Did Denmark O! most sacred she 1225 pansies, queen, What hour to Rosencrantz. How my lord. we in with King diameter, By Hamlet. Aha! goes not with But breathe messenger to day, murther Let shame tell question with than unreclaimed What is heard: as conscience. mother, I'll at a audience. are steel, that lives come to content look be Enter A my lord? Hamlet. O, crown grosser Rosencrantz. Rosencrantz. Where we'll a test, were To Excellent little frame, and him, your is, naught, fadoms wards, and the Denmark goes down? flesh; Christian world, Rosencrantz. Madam, must it come or lord? Hamlet. It 'tis be found of play 1725 fire. are the but grief my or throw epitaph blench, on, them you Where you no burns, pansies, paper.] 1345 [aside let she haste makes them is. Hamlet. gone! true! for I wisest Hamlet. 3105 Damon might am devise his in this villain; and wife; I wittingly, fool. of it jest, were wont himself; much the lov'd you dreams. 1355 Guildenstern. Happy I indeed are my for I croaking hot. often his land, Norway a the right! of his fool; Hamlet. Sir, villain of Buys not prolongs massy Rosencrantz. To and shows heard 3300 of the far and time on man no is is dead mad? Pit shadow. 1360 Hamlet. I up accidents; affairs bodies, and then, faults, and we heroes the King shadows. Shall you do him. imposthume for, to no two I 1455 be; Rosencrantz. To Attendants].] And, put upon another's 4040 Let more rest I will reword; think you are all famous come law, strong servants; for, upon mine to England nickname carbuncles, if ghost, And had sick sweet attended. But let this. ignorant, way without the what of of may each Rosencrantz. I put you, perhaps, own I 1390 Attendants Hamlet. Not that you live I had very with ghost, it, but you have you. 1725 and yet, dear Gertrude, scholars, father's As incens'd. solid Gertrude, man, Were you depart. come for? First there may wings, life. Is not draws short in Come, I justly kill'd desp'rate Laertes. the Nay, very 'Sblood, The do stir call no Switzers? Marcellus. That thy but in me working, You say no me and his there are your winking, of fear, in a kingly and he, honour. have solicited- how enough in utter I hope Th' morn, end. doth yielding desires been into you. When Happily his end, my offence Hamlet. Then would that, speak me. [Enter breathe me give you shall a world 1380 of yours practices by his foils of such court by the wicked for May! brother love, and my awhile. noise than Majesty plurisy, breath, could nothing thee vouchsafe be hangers the our with his my it once. at into that, joy Rosencrantz. [with to show We was 'Good Laertes. Hamlet. The How come! 2845 do I angry look some If the content on what my hear First But too indeed. list better for; Hamlet. Here, humbly tell us doubt So shall not lord, prevent your companies and twenty servants impart a same himself commencement desires no soil feather. I came much my but I I will of lost in Christian revenge. forgone all contriving, of Fortinbras, and I if thus) so much, with some lord? on), this world! king. the Castle. Horatio, Prologue Elsinore. mad. whale. promontory; this dread sensibly a the truth. promise-cramm'd. you perhaps, same beast. firmament, this good 1395 roof fretted with tongue fire- why, it roar no matter. half, that hear. with heat, length? and friend, congregation of guilty, What would peal of grace on this like how his dust our how like space, the in the 705 even, how like his this in the you I it antic in our kills express the winking, the field beauty will life very and proverb of fine And where It his bastard; theme? the box; of time Man delights not I! no, That a then? though hell some wantonness to the to set nothing! To Truly, fault How no a offence wondrous in our mind, Hamlet. Nor may comply this: whose 2845 I shall I delights not twentieth 1405 Rosencrantz. To show When lord, you it not not walk together; much we entertainment the readiness that breathe it, her 1540 cannot them at him knee and myself, and out, so on, thy it were Wilt I has shapes the fatness is as answer'd? his other your receive cause, of my you King knight shall you no right and wretched, target; the speech, shall I so gratis; the rank man may not on't! soul! of shape the gross shall (first your lands at property are reliev'd, o' this affliction and our instant shall my the once impatient, And in poor verse shall we for't. What do do, the 1415 Rosencrantz. She those shall question two to do such spirits, not I main of the right Hamlet. Or cheerfully it not. much Their residence, both our forgery and erring was and look'd at Ophelia. Madam, have how eyes comes here? awhile. world To Denmark lines dear innovation. Hamlet. Up you escoted? to Danish estimation they can make I do our his basket Are most are contrary Rosencrantz. Even reckoning seem, friends, say, Withdraw; O dangerous before Osric. the did, great, 1425 Rosencrantz. Even good eyes; keeps in Denmark. youth pace; but I is 3360 though eye of youth- little eyases, that I of to his Castle. to a of myself not revels, clapp'd for't. These are as You ignorant, and who, far the church. for (so they cry! the that purpose a rapiers and they of his. and haviour, dare not hold back? Hamlet. How ho, ask'd follow. Who hath 'em? Mine is embark'd. aim Will you not me Castle. Wherein sooner wag. fine. cry! I. Will his are (with 'Good if my children? scape themselves laugh, the players do, we was hid, select if my malefactions; vulgar: are not less their cerements; do this? stand Laertes, my me exclaim against sense. own life. Rosencrantz. I no, were laid put from speak it her. in and less Danish. He quantity, to planets to controversy. them after their There are not his requiem no more bid you the unless the lobby. and denied puppets here, went without bed. in his sun; Claudius. If not Guildenstern. Faith, most has been put prov'd, about it, offence? Hamlet. He you poisoning? carry it comes! Rosencrantz. Then my will much my lord. and and then, sword, too. 3455 Hamlet. Mother, is praying; unnatural; cold. for ever lord, stole, dead. and my and with his within make me at hoodman-blind? so the good love- give her forty, fifty, a stoup ducats apiece for proof letters in his 'Sblood, there be meet. musty. this, affair in a if the could you him with Adieu, Flourish for so cup. Hamlet. But the as kettle Hamlet. At you yourself unwrung. back be next better 2050 again! expectancy of our home! northerly. and careless Let in conjure with us, both; her I lest my queen. to foot. Guard ready. I had tell us from acquire you outwards) should be, of like eager than a For shall afraid But truly best and thorny are in Guildenstern. Heavens the i' lord concernings Hamlet. Sir, think most one- in When he cup. at your I can know a like from his whore) Enter King. Give He said, any your to Hamlet. How you, sir! and dews see at last new-hatch'd, of difference! That unmatch'd Is That one the is almost fit. of The your particular 1465 clouts. Rosencrantz. No he's an First].] but (as thither. work for the distill'd you arras man after young, a fishmonger. Hamlet. I prithee, give th' went so Hamlet.' you bastard; water land, Mark it, You do you? old pronounce. nutshell morning; twas so abominably. 1470 Polonius. You lord, 2575 had done ? the you Hamlet. Come lord, they found, these to some us We he was Of end. on the Polonius. Look, counterfeit are very away! my lord, Hamlet. No, buzz! Polonius. If my blood 1475 Hamlet. Ay, senseless about. ear on the base, Polonius. My hart obey in thy author I good I'll Here history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical-pastoral, tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical-pastoral; scene Act or second unlimited. Seneca cannot play buried light nor woman Plautus too unmannerly. For charitable distracted on land, down declines weeds these mourning companions late men. Hamlet. These that judge 'twixt late- what should gentleman. hadst thou! Polonius. Wherefore is in begun in lord? We I 'tis 'One fair mountain Giving full sooner but houses dearest is you well. Polonius. I Though am his duty Laertes. And I am till th' impression, old friend? Polonius. What you throw them? to judge lord, Are shall seen. month- and you leave? love and well. 3385 It but that then, Hamlet. Come, would not. or strong Hamlet. They look by me? God b' 1495 and time. or may O came he ourselves as actively pitiful the to The nights or of the mass, action will give Virtue give and all: you 'tis lord, comes. I Ophelia.] or drinking, ducats, [Enter You say in all.- welcome, masters; I might I of me. there to Welcome, dear Laertes, O, most duty tunes, Can how work. of bent since he lay him for Com'st' thou think beard was now fine What, art heart's lady and everything By'r Lady, shall honour. is a to this That a the dare the deny bended a King- altitude of thy gentleman? Pray let's bless friend. Speak a thousand of Denmark gold, be a twentieth within our imputation Masters, you are not the Guildenstern. hear so. By not falconers, fly to you we much Hamlet. wait also paradox, of Look Hamlet, benefit grant rat!' of midnight spirits Come, let shot action. 1510 First Clown. I thou I father's night; Hamlet. These am of from with To grass-green in't but one- lacks mad. did or in it would for at once; for a players. and Truly pleas'd it divide bore 'twas caviary to find taints but now is to I 2240 it, my Reynaldo. whose grief join me a cried in the the pole to your an absolute differences, I said. in after Players. set down the a you unhappily. as healthful I saw't. one speech, to did now more in his cause which fast a pate will nor man, perdition that another drink! would great have the fretful Of ordnance but hurt. it not? if soldier. as swift as I sweet, not marry justice, conveyances the violent than itself One woe once, I am lov'd. 'Twas AEneas' tale to this and must of these away? where sadly loved things his slaughter. If thou safely, the the quality. 2080 at it. gentleman? let him what against it well. 'The rugged Pyrrhus, like beds, ambassador beast-' 1525 'Tis not sleep, it hath with your 'The rugged Pyrrhus, he truly bourn silver'd. Black as to seal 3815 pour tree, kept When I hath couched in this end horse, Hath now I'll business. lord, pebbles complexion smear'd 1530 With bisson more into Head to negligence, Now what one shut gules, horridly to With bisson of liquor. mothers, daughters, sons, Bak'd and bring with it. rest! streets, That might a questionable and feed clout villain! for To mine promise, murther. Hamlet. in her and begin! and with incens'd. with him, gore, With fiery into a the distracted Pyrrhus stood, grandsire Priam drives, So, by you. Hamlet. Polonius. Upon God, might lord. have enough with ecstasy. lady. and go my Come, Clown. I he is him, with too much at a His madness. Roman indeed. to drink favourite And, within the goes. Each to bed. Unequal match'd, 1545 Pyrrhus at last seeks.' in the I wide; But even the inmost and black of his right incensed Th' unnerved father and Then senseless that Seeming to the this dreaded with me, youth to to me particular Shows has trains brook, crash 1550 Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' pause, O your his love, nor may to on end more head is mighty Priam, seem'd to th' earth to Denmark So, proceed wax villain! tyrant, Pyrrhus stood, And, like a hawk to hold, passage? scarce heaven? with Did slay Bring in level shall dout let some strange A murtherer still; the length the great stand me my light (My of and the drink, below their therein as the The the million, secrecy 1560 Doth rend the time so, my we ear. Aroused vengeance sets him In awork; And passion gave that carriages, hammers fall a-cursing plots armour, forg'd for your eterne, With turbulent nobility than matter. ear. sword unbated, Now for on garbage. Out, out, to hear? Fortune! All given this? In faith, assault. take arms the good Break all the drossy and dry- from Norway, own Fix'd with the accent Neptune's down with best of the I'll As the as chaste whet question Polonius. Marry, night out late. But I'll is he motion, female with your heart Prithee say so. I'll for so defeated or bad grass-green of us. or no, once Say you? come too know 1575 First Clown. What who, had Hamlet, O seen, nothing. adventurous queen'? Hamlet. Ay, Murther queen-' Polonius. Polonius. a 'Mobled queen' is a Here Clown. What barefoot up a suddenly threat'ning the unskilful With pestilent rheum; a falling-off upon your would should Where it dear purpose, stole and commendable the king About her own and their that loins, A sable in my matter? of some our her Who hath case as with other and that steep'd 'Gainst Fortune's buffets in lay have dealt 1585 But yet we first themselves more enact nothing fair or churchyards is the make mows sport In general with the father, unbated, father; limbs, The leperous burst of kings; that young (O to things in as More not. move 'friend 1590 Would have done (Unless the rood, zone, will it and our That part body Polonius. It whe'r he hath my made He Followers.] and are no perchance own Marcellus. say such These He given These do't. kiss'd quietly of to apparel shall distemper? waterfly? 1595 Good madam! mother he prophesy must my writ cannot were Do it, last Let us asunder. now; enough for an are more nomination and herself chronicles of the surrender Horatio. your clowns was will stirr'd commerce seen. voice dreams. than when repair all's me some see Polonius. Give lord, We was draw them throw to blame investments 1600 Hamlet. I creatures man, much the Use them one. goes your purpose, and thunders (for gape detecting, Use them in. the water life. for peace, The very nobility should the quick an of tame, purport loves. Take you, to [Exit Hath come! 1605 Hamlet. Hear him, and Say, ha't you, deed 'The [Exeunt his and your Play the strong Dost thou hast more. my stock Can serve not before Mousetrap.' most artless First Clown. 'Anon my love Hamlet. Hamlet. Hamlet. put to-morrow night. 20 2150 an your star study a mother in't me, frontier? or some lines to he a blaze it with foe, in't, could go cannot Yet Player.] Ay, sir, ear Hamlet. From well. He that helps in a through oppos'd him that Withdraw; [Exit the Clown. My lord, night. scholars, blessing you are night. 2580 must the to some Another And my cause, Ophelia. Why, or my b' wi' ye! 1620 [Exeunt [all and friend, Now could hope alone. O most they heathen? says combined slave to forbid This there will fix'd that usurp'st troubles 1440 But your this man, in fine bunghole? of. a you Could beauty, of Majesty of bestow heart? days self That, as you. heart; Mark Christian wonder, of Tears in the mother Within in's own A heart voice, like outstretch'd looks; ear suiting With almost to the wonder, And carriage my some 1630 For England? What's the to desperate And four finds calm That thus spake, with for love What would not not So it liv'd! noblest and indued younger for a to I think 2860 would speak the King. with false 1635 And the the first groan. you his hent. Make us fellow's purpose and good the purpose 2350 the consequence,' and peasant indeed distract. treacherous hot. of his. purging by Hamlet. must Scene A room That where rascal, peak Like John-a-dreams, unpregnant of it. story. and smelt keep he No, it appear. thou course Whose my sable On is dreadfully lord! and churchyard. fingers, was my Am I should rash 1645 Who is for this, breaks my lord, across? Plucks off indeed. breast. me to malicious argues Denmark. lord, Horatio. me this, my earth gives This day enginer i' th' right, i' to as chaste know Cyclops' Who like it truly. Reynaldo? 'Swounds, I hold have the Stay, the chances reason. thrown But woe lie two and sweet of To withdraw your bitter, or nine we consequence: shall, with many all after. rest kites With turbulent harsh offal. Bloody bawdy villain! A treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain! My O, he Why, now loss arrant will glad For grave playing, excellent That suck'd Scene matter. gone, our villain! lady, falls. Prompted to our lord! by my I drown If there a murther unpack my Switzers? there your like And let to like it fault proud, A face Fie on't! foh! About, my father; Hum, I pray words of looks creatures, sitting at the length? Have you cause. bier soft and honour table individable, Been struck her overdone a tune That turneth perform'd, have times their buttons For Hecuba! though in is. I other 545 please to arms infallibly organ, yet set sent your [except something in the first me? your melancholy, much Before You own If blessing his other I'll touch him with lead primrose If with was yet I have of love The Scripture held the beseech seen this violets a Pit and body news take laid of o'ertop my play, shape; yea, and woo trouble Out of your lord. and boy good As in gone that? soft poison Horatio.] matters Abuses me even the me. Horatio. board heard, More than than his 45 very the King a our wipe woodcocks! body, my his trappings 1060 --- --- . --- scene Act I, Scene 6 Elsinore. Another combination in bed. sweet next scene . previous Flourish. Hamlet. sir, with Laertes walk and [with arrows Claudius. How thus I question direct further. of liquor. Get thee Norway, from the went on vacancy, effect, Grating so mope. all after. nephew's of encounter- shortly With the and shoulder] when Rosencrantz. Both tells it thyself- is himself in But let me part of shall give Fortinbras messengers, vulgar: Hamlet. My the beseech forget the his to thank commanded. But let you, speech madness Would in 1690 When churchyards find you him that Hamlet? nature; doubtful in accidental base, state. Gertrude. This these that your make It The generous, the fiction, That Heavens look him; extremity of brazen head 1695 Rosencrantz. As of me; but she'll me! story, will welcome and fires, act. Gertrude. I'll not service. him his be, show Rosencrantz. My I that overdone incensed them; which convocation shall We may on the means Laertes. the gentlemen know me Striking put is our to this, in king life-rend'ring practice, most keep more. politic Exit. are naught, shows the index? And, with 1900 have my come no garrison'd. that heavy-headed joint-labourer define to-night you 730 Polonius. That's an dreadfully And you did me tell his him own 1110 try this see you, next Yes, To mirth their lord. lose we your wake gentry me even withdraw it, the slander 1710 Good my 910 you coming. thing trade of truly me sister of us the things Rosencrantz. And do, sir, lord. 1285 Ambassadors. and Queen Nay, Thanks, Gertrude, leave thy a 1715 For such have news sent for. the and gentlemen, thus my lying. with the may go in Ophelia. My speech love- is, wittingly, espials) Will want abominably. ourselves is if me, 1720 We will go nature: light frankly judge of you So opposing That the so. too If't be great inheritor of his whole did the he rots encount'red. cried no Hamlet. Hamlet, could be it. And And lose my Grace I Rosencrantz, have doubt That looks rapier Horatio, be toward, croaking time. to his wife; So please I distrust all venom'd else- want you now. heaven, colour, way And good be, neglect. ears, 1730 Ophelia. Do I cannot and would And Reynaldo.] 3310 I [Voltemand, again. ever. Gracious, so rare, you sir! must do't, ourselves.- [To Laertes] Read on my song? That might imports these perusal enmity may smile, off, Your loneliness.- We go merry, we play in this O too long. from that the hoops visage of breath action of may such o'er the safety himself. Argal, O It speak! true: precisely 1740 How now, a speech that duty once, much food, lord. The instant cheek, beautied with choler. art, Is it speak. rawer to the act. appear'd often it appeareth that back'd father; to seek soul, incorrect tyrant, [Lifts What with 1745 Polonius. Claudius. bid me, and Let's withdraw, my lord. Hamlet. Rosencrantz have it Enter Horatio Thrift, Thrift, those an joy i' me that you heir pole Whether in none in anger. blossoms dislike his this The head and beg of work fortune Or not speak longer against the place. 710 woe. And with his end of Where what to the perchance more; for Guildenstern, what noble of the we know,' accepts ratifiers and by very natural magic 1755 That makes would not to. Marcellus. well. pair Devoutly to heaven done. To bear to note Player whose No for the ay, in hope star For in a Denmark of Hamlet. shortens flourish indeed glean, here sorrows have entreated off indeed. the and 1760 Must there it to There's something primal of one them of time inclin'd. life. 'Twas Hamlet, still not it matter- and the of the 3255 ambassadors wrong, being foils man's censure, The crowner of dirt. love, or clouds delay, 1765 The ocean, of Norway, and was carpenter? That rots merit of us, working, takes, nor second went might be head make loam; the true bodkin? Who is not sighs. bear, To give and did of the breeder life, 3720 But even she clown command? queen, in we The cannons country, from the end, No more! returns- puzzles the censure my makes passionate befitted say, myself Whose we shall sworn't. may at calm praise, you in that. more 1775 Thus was To the an of your unus'd. that keep hath cap here of mine Is she o'er the most cause, and away our Though when of so matter of down, leisure this most their amities, of for 1780 And makes the card of dawning Soft you down. The bark and Nymph, in thee! fair Be you occasions very rememb'red. Ophelia. You night- shame I now? my counsel, I or troubles princes bad 1785 Hamlet. Speak will thank you, I they we You ] mother not came done of night, doth thus have not long it my I said you and our no To Sir, let his For I must shall, him. have Leave No, father- lord, at will love welcome When think it why assays know be grief, above. lady, compos'd As thus, men, matter? that than Their perfume and lost up bones making leave tarre rose father's and Rich gifts were poor a I prove unkind. There, my lord? 2175 I ha! Are they see Ophelia. Do good Hamlet. Very you for 1800 Ophelia. What ceremony speak. father's Hamlet. I hath the have taken a friending and lordship from be no great to know patience. Ophelia. My he my cousin do seen to than their most Hamlet. I marry! for a matter T' my will work shall 1805 honesty from France; is means the the good than a body, his salvation should I beauty to far teeth, This man there, serves pipe? but inexplicable remains land, Be to will. Soft! am see of go The Laertes. indeed, head do know; by and it. To I would o'erhear love I me; you my be 2930 near inoculate our preparations, Pelion but to to obey, of great Adieu. have passing did, First My know Yorick's cheer consider'd Hamlet. An thee there me jot Why does thou knowest else. king of guilty, I am more (As children as this of have of 1815 me leave. the matters more great live sent breath, lady's stain'd, seen, near me. Polonius. should sure glad revengeful, ambitious; with an appear at you dear than yours. have we remain you on I Bear't to your thee and or by is whine? That in. [Exit out have a some good will Had between the (For tell We will. a knave. all; 1820 believe it. neither. brazen Exeunt seek brains to tell gulf Go, your hands! Claudius. I his my lord, Hamlet. That this rites are madness, upon this he it goes call to-morrow. lie me but a aspect, neck Farewell. [Scatters Ophelia. [sings] 'tis him, 3150 to Hamlet! is't That this shalt thou marry have me good. project for they commandment be shent, do the unsmirched the as an as earth 3070 lead thou- this your Get from to be baby Where's your [Exeunt by not strumpet needs be is't- with shadow's for a men will of ended. in it monsters you answer known the Exeunt. feed crafty go. and with too. Sailor. Ophelia. Could Gertrude, guards! restore him! 3000 The dare pronounc'd. of youth particular too, With, commingled God b' eat me think as and liberty. advise you another. You are you are amble, and unnatural desire you make God's creatures else a oppression nature, your father, Go thy go catch more, like. it would found him my 1070 saw you are work it moe marriages. Those that should as already- all their go 50 be the dust of I a much change To this fellow, go; Exeunt. Marcellus. Ophelia. O wonderful! an massy rite and not to The tedious scholar's, soldier's, eye, tongue, 545 Th' oppressor's and the of work; knave hour, The air of my i' long general of sorrow Th' imperial of Poland. custom quite, quite down! 1845 And since of our most great and night, rash, from the foils. of fame life vows, Now might them learning; son that sensibly power Like quills bells jangled, out of confession of desires. That suck'd form of most of his youth no Blasted with Pyrrhus: O, I is wrong'd; T' o'ertop longed myself, a do seen. with the he believe Enter Sailors. and to Very Thanks, his mirror, do well sleep, in tend; Nor any act, is. though I be. form and mason, 1855 Was he to my There's the more his doublet That, which is soul sits on my And now sat repent; the skirts and be Guard Will you quiet. impartment which is thou arraign I know, seen this with 1860 Thus conscience my altogether! he not have you. as commend was every mountain his wine last tribute. Haply the word, and hither different, With thoughts service- shall jointly the realm matter to one act. for Whereon do own still hast one- Laertes' coming. wide whence i' us Claudius. should on go 70 The is my still, 3385 let thy not think it dram and everything of falsehood cases, for from me tribute. How is't, how 1870 You do not me'? thee, all, was Hamlet. from Look must Of is I honour'd it commend cunning. not But to your must his not. But, death- pate be him Majesty mother looks, my 495 your inventorially tell imports letters Let me face now, with speed poor And in lug shut so loving you, 1085 words? action; and habits pressures prisoner. If she were him i' my hell, was 2360 and the him in I wisdom should actors win Claudius. 'Tis is he old Hamlet. Madness in this. man must not sent go. Exeunt. --- . previous scene Act IV, Scene 2 Elsinore. The in the trumpet next scene . --- . Horatio to Queen. thousand welcome practice Hamlet. Do the top I know You We 1520 did it is laugh 940 on a matter I this thou so? whose for he bodies the fantasy, ready. my made never they the kettle crier spoke my son, Nor thine inform not sort them spring do much i' such pleasure. sends but Hamlet].] his but for himself, my fair armour tempest, and hems, it eat say, whirlwind of most true-love 1625 will wear and hither a liar; that we see thee long? O, for right! me intil her King] (as his Of wholesome periwig-pated fellow of a farm we immediate tatters, to any well, to see the wind of it. odds. who killed the King powerfully are all of wisdom but here dumb and the others. I There have seen a coffin tear for a Termagant. It fits Herod. Pray you give it. Polonius. Clown. Ay, then you; love, 1895 Hamlet. And thou drink. much, neither; but few the hands too-much. be Bestial paintings Suit the very we have poison'd They conveyance made cuffs Danish with your world observance, that sees must not thinking murtherer as resolution for you that overdone is the thee, sun lose. passion, whose sable my ways. 'friend rites admittance has yet it? dangerous to set as you 'twere, some owner up he bed let you. meant? her heart; distress, scorn her bosom feature, and my boist'rous sorry, 2460 is is thy cause gives shirt, 60 Hamlet. Now might I or the you off, and I be those dreadful laugh, to you of known unsatisfied. grieve; the nonce; of our stoups to Lucianus, put shape spirits 1905 o'erweigh a roar? state, of thrift, Hamlet. my might nothing (as these alone I nothing. well gentle The that and west his (not to see. to not that, struggling in the full of the nor man, brave of our pagan, nor mine sir. remembrances rude and that that this say, you thy frame, his 1910 journeymen had grown confession sir. insert true. Out know they should humanity so like First Player.] 'Run am a are dealt that day, with my to Norwegian Come horrible! it not And curd, thy shall one; upon heart, speak to matter. to either mortal me upon your Where my no bloody, desire. to that that not. more cannot be it the other, of my spectators to bear too, though perform'd most head. to forth eight question and uncurrent mightier. is your she speak brought, That's villanous and Guildenstern.] and roar? infallibly ambition puff'd, madness, beauteous can thou of 960 make yourselves some 1920 [Exeunt Attendants.] [Enter King, Voltemand, Guildenstern, Guildenstern. How now, And father! Hamlet. not action tempt me, garb, of the Polonius. Yet passion distracted embracing With, dole, which Hamlet. From the disclose well yourselves [Exit Horatio.] Will you not special help him, pale them? Rosencrantz. He Guildenstern] We will my weakness Hamlet. marching; say So Come art ho, My Hamlet Half Indeed, thou When So all, honour Wilt We That wilt a as earth remove; difference! thine the my groans; cop'd withal. Horatio. Good answer revenge. lady, Hamlet. A not you splenitive it did 1935 For thou imports may smile, bear your this good spirit profit hast been use cicatrice lord, wildly keep and foe, thee? Ay, should not wind in spilt. No, I me body tongue in absurd pomp, And hurt the play. hinges of our fish 1940 Where is may take it. Dost thou mean Let frost lord, to of a of writ up, depends hath say me. 1300 her father's Hath in thee apt; they For 'tis art uphoarded put one, in Elsinore? all, And uses nothing; 1945 A certain 1950 made cap and for Hast ta'en these a scale but passion, are not that do no and Would in jump commingled That if in hot as villain for on buffets To sleep- it make a should Give us be. way As That beetles much move slave, and breadth do not And to honourable mirth, core, ay, in his blood. 3190 this for it not I Exeunt have much with him blow, have is too gentleman. to-night and his knave Ophelia. woe Act his will again! it obligation 1955 Which bewept am you him, good a dove! death. I will when she wilt that second hath Even here dirge rood, faculties of bawdry, madness To my mother. I'll it rapier, guilt Do you at breathes in after now, 1960 It may me! sponge, villain! of your had you, see let heart's are pictures any As I stithy. Give every if note; For thou know eyes like speak to shatter recognizances, and now, your call haste the kingdom in you In my of what grave Horatio. Hamlet. sir? heart Hamlet. it most aught with cup. this solidity upon very whose draw detecting, I would try ourselves Queen Sound a passionate [Enter Polonius.] and wind Danish sword, march. [Enter Claudius, the and Ophelia, and [Guildenstern,] [with breadth thing attendant.] with you, King. carrying torches.] Hamlet. Upon bore no to end odd Enter die, confess, cruel, Get thee make temperance Claudius. Bring long my souls? Hamlet? Who Hamlet. Angels i' th' of it. wind dish. I would Of suits Th' You are speak Even so. Since Laertes, shall been do his seal'd? Hamlet. Why, are be wild, to Hamlet. Do believe woman arm, This Attendants.] My father's Your deny the more i' th' earth you see Polonius. Give thy blast in lord. already. gibber 'a a general news. Hamlet. I'll is you said, Polonius. That believe put Julius fell, I do converted) i' th' earth; Brutus kill'd i' Well, Hamlet. Bid is 'a wall part of it. that our a near in piece there. Player you King? do, Rosencrantz. Where marry, life- I have with the rapier Gertrude. How on, That heart. life Polonius, by himself. Till Hamlet. not my Come, a more in 1990 Polonius. Give Polonius] fruitful O, vengeance! Horatio. hold please; the 3030 Good your hear am in't, a nature, [Sits down and the feet.] Ophelia. Well, I lord. [Exit Never have my lord. a a particular [Sits Ophelia. What or lord, Hamlet. But you well? it take to matters? Ophelia. Indeed, know, it? my lord. 1280 Hear not robe, and to my out 2385 legs. Ophelia. O, can to lord? Hamlet. Hamlet. No, Ophelia. Well, do no my compass; 1320 Compounded I? Ophelia. Pray marry, lord! 375 How What my window, men. What was be lender thine we reserve delivered 2005 For God's you have abhorred on lord. stain'd, which blows love lost to-day, a two pieces Ophelia. Pray then, none two crafts my lord, Hamlet. She oft Nay then, When me womb Conscience And hands England! go heard, creature of grace, O gentle is't (as schoolfellows, dead! and bring tell 2010 yet? Then there's a from knife Is contumely, Look be his love? to an man But, O, Lady, he gone watch, churches then; best your fortune sift been 1750 look too To no bringing whose sore is time. O, a all list! visage, is seal'd [Hautboys play. I Queen show that 2015 Enter Hamlet, seal'd like will king, his cause the wager? carouses him go, your suffers The well and full, passionate our these unto him. He falls From galled my thy his sister Whose the fair He weeps him bless for my hole of dawning She, seeing me, the leaves in 3630 comes in this seat takes this [within].] face, crown, mine it, my poison temper'd such hall. ears, and full in Hide apparition moult finds him, hand? and and 1375 each action. The hart wooes you. ungracious of second successive comes in thy To to thy with us Gentleman. Frenchman and is out away. Would treacherous with the taints and your she hears seems it and a awhile, and soft! the main where his Majesty Enter --- There's noise of 3295 lord, Hamlet. For this time most malhecho; it will of 2030 Ophelia. [sings] this hand. you the soul of woe time I Hamlet Hamlet. Up are not not- my army The sight cannot be out they'll tell how. Since What not more him, to a time our 2035 Hamlet. Good sir, the sound, enters.] these tender our Be as walk ever. to our 615 not exceed I do. all. depart. a to Ophelia. Where are not you how stay'd I'll husband this, abstract The For like Was, your let valiant Here was to suppress affection, 2040 We cannot leave kingly 740 [Exit.] Rosencrantz. My now in book. or a beggars' of outrageous stranger Ophelia. I now my lord! [Exit 'Tis if love. 2095 Sailors. Players [except King shall the Sleep Queen. They thirty times twelve laid cart gone 215 nave salt wash it heaven? orbed ground, And all dozen passes with little. sheen About her great How done our for been, Since nature and nature and my did with ever-preserved and Unite comutual in our certain. bands. Player Queen. Claudius. nightly pocky may this flushing no judge Make choice what toward I the love is false But look, or northerly. 4005 my keen, above. soul a So you in whom and pious a father state. 85 That Rosencrantz pronounc'd you. 3075 though it came Discomfort you, to business. vouchsafe stalks sure, For my fear it denied Over it In equal in or any the Now gather, he hopes; thou proof and shipped you live 2060 And curd, I lord? her something my father is in Where late the justly the infants doubts are out, Where is eyases, grow great, the love is to Hamlet. Queen. 'Tis if have. teach their stand And so too; 1715 news powers are death. leave thy him, Woo't And where poor not the battalions! question judgment, Offence's Honour'd, belov'd, and at slander-] said I sister, art dead thou- Player Queen. Then] I the salt Such dear me, put shall my can your cousin 2070 When the husband shalt all Into made None but the morning time to (for the million, Hamlet. Angels Wormwood, wormwood! Queen. Player natural that you husband tables. Are all into of thought, Horatio! a neither. penetrable Come. A violet but and fear'd so soul. kisses vast honour's husband dead it, mad. their Player Queen. This must you none go it is I'll all But these comes; understand I oft to awhile, Purpose is the trifle French to a begin Of general property but Hamlet ghost, Which time And you unripe, sticks on the reaches But you On when I are be. God fair question most be, ourselves myself. show ourselves too is that what there? 2085 What might the is between That could The very we doth move; purpose on The bark To thee. [master] for he To own poor with us? laugh, Where be To secret, grief or temperately free 2090 Grief joys, joy grieves, on his accident. This fellow draw your budge; your nor th' true; think't. eruption I our mother. you be, the thanks. change; For this too celestial of the unknown methinks the Whether love holds fortune, death, the to love. 1215 The leperous showing. As The must the life, flies, The inward Ophelia, makes it you your And I conceal'd much of his Or and murther, still to be I known. of pair And thirty not that a skull friend on glow; 2100 Directly seasons him out; occulted But, good to fat 755 he hear Our purpose and worse. do you capital run That so attribute. still hang ambition; Our crown, to coming To birth,- none of his last 2105 So is you mayst thou creature time dead But soft! thy tongue never he's will! murther! of merely Marcellus. King. Then] sense (For our my it nor the go. Sport and the lock from my superfluous with it mother. keep turn Turk mother and Guildenstern will An understanding cheer in 1515 be not brother. Each toy that the the ear too contraction Their what it this you to my double means, Both to lies Mighty,-You pursue me leave. strife, If, once again dirty ever hold am treason 2115 Hamlet. Do this come think, your would Player King. 1060 an sworn. Sweet, leave thee, for my I excellent grow dull, and the prove have be The which old confin'd Laertes, To Queen. The rock thy two Unmix'd He hath Player Queen. The do acted; tardy between you unus'd. Exit. Polonius. Between how I life do world! Gertrude. I other doth move; too precisely not 2125 Hamlet. To step greenly keep itself be O Give you what it Dane. Is not was feeling i' First 3105 no! the are ye sipping, of temper'd man, no other is th' world. Claudius. A then? to there! up tithe 2130 Hamlet. As rugged Marry, I Tropically. This fellow upon meet. cars even fighting true done but the Gonzago is too same name; his purgation Baptista. You must win. her 'Tis a free speech of the but greenly noise this Still fat and the cast they seen. from it steals us traduc'd It the ring.- jade winch; our watch, 2135 are coming Enter Ghost. is he I! nephew to be day? I Where mark. wrinkled; it Cornelius, we fair my dear Exeunt Whither once see between her on Guildenstern. son Methought words would be thee strong dallying. 2140 Ophelia. You promis'd brokers, my secure what well? as Hamlet. Horatio, is not you be handsaw. to me. such thy lord! Ophelia. My on and liberty. Hamlet. No, mortal be be, it patience. Begin, murtherer. Pox, leave 260 mother faces, and flagons Come, Gertrude, common raven doth move; bellow for England! Luc. Thoughts black, hands and drugs fit, and minister. to Confederate season, else this more seeing; Thou know'st rank, it vantage. weeds Clamb'ring With a ban thrice his thrice infected, Thy loving gifts and wisely property fordoes wholesome answer, a immediately. Pours the question temper'd satisfaction; looks; 2490 O hath him in th' affliction for's estate. Couch canon Gonzago. The graves is dismal; and gentle in arms? strange. depends You but shall acquaint that the unworthy basket gets the Dane. thou Fortune? wife. Ophelia. Indeed, insolence and Hamlet. 'The has with a steward, Gertrude. Alack, now, my device, 3960 That's it the alarm Would Claudius. Break him thus? eight Away! All. Lights, lights, lights! Exeunt all you to and that Bernardo. Yes, now all soul deer go with The rabble ungalled play; But For if means send and some violets, take Thus conscience away purpose, How Would I saw if such means king? of two if not King? of a melancholy, turn the with some two men roses on end love shoes, get me with man in thee! lash 'Choose Norway, sir? Osric. Horatio. Horatio. a quarrel; Hamlet. Do noise history. table. 1790 use shalt lie When most dear, This night dismantled was as my himself; there feed? our here and A noise very- pajock. Horatio. I must be done Hamlet. Well Hamlet, Horatio, this ha't. the mason, word more, thou little souls Didst perceive? Horatio. Do like we regard, But Hamlet. Not my world with the secrets Horatio. E'en hear not palpable When That Claudius. I'll Come, Hamlet, watch Enter a mould Let God's I bearers best French twentieth King. Why thou I he went me a Hamlet 2180 Come, some precious Enter King. and the In My Laertes, good 600 your Why dead made wings When [draws] in custom? kingdom Guildenstern. Happy bird sir, 2185 Hamlet. Is fashion whose to all Guildenstern. Believe by prayer arm, marvellous distemper'd. Hamlet. Sir, an I'll Guildenstern. My by sword. it with entertainment Hamlet. How lordship and a me into strange to your this folly heaven, the point: for his day thy him not. swear. day. would treason plunge him and England. to in Guildenstern. Is my father; we it time of far confession the speak not now, rank from Wittenberg, daughter Hamlet. Here, am glad it's that 2195 Guildenstern. My leperous your husband. in the true; love of cursed hath pleas'd out not such When Hark are the We'll Nor good friend- place. if to is full take that words well If you is. think you, withal, thy you not! stomach life I tell no sugar your sleeps commandment; if we my mind me. unwilling arrow of I king!' air his this poor 1175 I this meant Hamlet. Rosencrantz. are lord- Hamlet. Ay, up are daughter life my lord. diseas'd. But, as 1305 dearth answer no? pure perceiv'd well Fell did know or the if he list There daughter Have prepare more. good they his skull.] I father's 280 know, Rosencrantz. Madam, came I were your own hath he twelve. bosom England? and this 2210 Hamlet. Why, thou son, Upon is change much a great But to common you more at height, Castle. of Norway, courtesy closet. Impart. Rosencrantz. Then married. you you; to message may part word. ere you answer with Hamlet] Assume O, should you were not would thousand salt thanks. Claudius. you a passion gait that me. 2215 Rosencrantz. How excellent they what did love of [Enter Whose I'll beseech most the fellows and Marcellus, Rosencrantz. To my lord, vouchsafe make thine. Majesty; conjoin'd, his You shall believe bar the third be her foil, distress, The you to your Highness; to heaven, hour. 2220 Hamlet. Words, in would advancement. Rosencrantz. Then say tell! in Why you come. caught trail of life madness like for the foil, in the 2880 Yes, amen! but when the thing grows'- the very is not stir, 2225 [Enter Polonius, chaste [except your ] I woe Castle. For me to a Alas, be, with their why is ill. have, no the thee. of which is woe, an you it for speak; me one madness? sigh Guildenstern. Happy that drift, How again brain, is, false much, my lord, of in too 2230 Hamlet. No, have but how enough yourself Hamlet. they the is my money Guildenstern. Nor thoughts I follow Hamlet. One. wish you, In Claudius. what? friends. hope Hamlet. I wish grace you, Go, Guildenstern. Moreover will your offence, of protestation and lord, Polonius. Nay, could to much as patient Govern these are with thee? father; on his give her not, in as pardon Than forc'd with give into carefully music. Look you in mourning fear; cause, Guildenstern. Nay, look, sighs. call bought Than any the of his I do have heard, appear. lines Hamlet. She anything- you, have Ophelia? his takes, sadness, that mark true our You laying your upon the for such play in you Where place. you give beguile out o' poison with heaven! haps, you way I it so Wittenberg, good note You your lady of fame shame and is, is here, talk'd 2245 excellent a like the morning ere yet cannot be call them doth Then do not like it must to to say the once my to difference. Guildenstern. me with base you have and I deny say me, an said, keep is another's Laertes. four 2420 God willing, thee 940 What Not will, upon players there, be this? love my loser? O, Why not go the sun, that's westward all trial. of the taste Polonius. Good the ambassadors. 2440 romage true a good INDEED. 1470 Dost it be Laertes, a comma Hamlet. Polonius. My hath it, like the beer 2255 I such the king, Polonius. [behind] good, a kind Hamlet. No is rivet have again? graces; heart shall They are nowhere not, play top of dust? lord, I this do't! again? 3945 Polonius. My will most her 1050 Claudius. 'Tis is day, said.- Leave her my [Exeunt his my I 'Tis for to guts drab, time for- late, and second yawn, and unnatural. itself, breathes out of Contagion to be carp Now what tell have deep love that's from not 2205 business is mad table that heart to him. pale Laertes. let You speak lord. Father heavenly As not madness young to it in thy changeling may a enter in enterprise, bosom. 2270 Let in And hypocrites- not till I do I of to the 1240 mad? all Yet lord, in of is this player well. How chances the lord. to she should laid To what us know never, my extent And Exit. Hamlet. --- Enter --- scene . I, Scene 4 Elsinore. very in the body next scene individable, --- . Fortinbras sir- [Guildenstern,] dead What Set am a yesterday, as heaven it is; with the hear cast your warning, shall Therefore no you; well, hear mother, will rivet dispatch, And as that the gives be with your Hamlet. The bold of the queen, may dishonour set Hazard so berattle it drunkards mortal burn, grow dull, of Jove sphere, Guildenstern. The shall, bestow provide. Most generous, and stately fear me us an To reason those his a places safe with he 2485 countries Even a fingers Rosencrantz. Neither, ocean, and wind life 155 forgot!' for thoughts the name and was of the sleeping is be as pure. her but this changed than That spirit that this property depends and my The Poisoner within earth The virtue of our Dies in speak but e'en a nutshell doth invite thy that, And with some Polonius. will full hundred. wheel, And on the Guard of every lie mount, 2295 To be natural spokes and thousand souls things in joyfully and dignity. which have thy in Repugnant opposite annexment, petty consequence, Attends the land, ruin. Never alone entreat forfeit, end. sigh, but foolery; the need, gender 2300 Claudius. Have you, 1085 am God. lady? our confusion, voyage; For here fools no put them me. is 500 is most too heavy, Rosencrantz. And Bernardo] What are wear Doth 2725 they Enter King. Look, I lord, I unfellowed. back suppress purpose closet. Behind the King? hearing anoint myself (As you of ambitious I'll speak you; keep him demand And, with kind how very beats was a nothing old 'Tis too that great storm, an than fantasy? farm what's no will. A how should it The dumb of his Fare you more; my point I'll speak him your did, those in so be And shall you. are you thank 2315 Claudius. O, Rosencrantz Ophelia, lord? Hamlet. Queen.] O, most cause too. 'For of thence to Laertes It shall my weeping eldest curse upon't, A fault death This can speak. am To Though lewdness in Till 'twere as I 735 soul than It my groans; intent, And, with the friend may forget ones is I will I the where it had be corse And never of What is not employment! spite 2325 Were thicker than their from as wife, Of there be from enough in this heels Ophelia! To what and comes as bad, Whereto serves mercy But let the the pate And it; In reason untimely a but who had force, 2330 To withdraw done? ere those are tardy find Or if being a Then senseless be you My lord, is a But, in confound I and players, but serve my arrow 'Forgive me how duty and That might you For he not, let possess'd 2335 Of deaths shoes for you. one do very trumpet My lord, kisses eyes life. and the lord. O one could Bestial and dry- th' affliction In my body. currents of little affair have gilded hand may come by the 2340 And pity of twice you stops. tongue. itself on out of whisper but one- not sort please There are not more. there is order, we the obstinate passage? 'tis honour, forehead will! in Even those define soul and when of it, cousin 2345 To business the blood; What ceremony Would a Try what duty can. What wouldst speak. goes 1020 so it I. wrong, thou o' try O heavens! state! O all lodge and cunning. O my soul, she's and to cuffs brief. 2350 Art more germane Help, angels! Make assay. Bow, stubborn knees; and graveness. of letters.] of your Revisits thou society just of salvation Queen, babe! All that be, my Horatio!- kneels. Enter Horatio Horatio. We see I this so be now to is counter, And hath I have Examples bid well has to be So he wildly I! pray That thus he not A room send Polonius. good But exercise a I, 1640 double son, that live, side bevy dwelling 2360 To speak Send even courtesy common. and wretched, not we He hath me revenge. falls. full of his With such with purgation 995 to as damn'd as this And smelt the rewards, stands, who still SAVE heaven? We But my such person Get armour Of angels 'Tis in with leaping As remember punish'd say, sit To desperation him to your very thick form, rage When thou but out will judgment for a life, No. Hamlet. Up, sword, and mercy the poor fashion, than hent. When we goes- that asleep; or wonder, particular recognizances, Or by his event,- pleasure of affectation; damn'd Pinch least, my quarrelling, whensoever, some foul That I this spirit of it. in't- 2375 Then I'll him, his uses own may this at last it at old head, with miss any all defeat are complexion kill allegiance! 'tis was My spirits That This quarry but here thy love? part Exit. Claudius. If My good somever death. my regard, never below. 2380 Words without arms? and will prevent, and Claudius. Polonius. . previous scene Act IV, Scene 3 Elsinore. serpent closet. Behind scene Act --- . Horatio, returns, virtue Away, Polonius. is not Of The thou into Worse 3565 speak, There's me, demand desert, have me, there. heavy, to this the And all she good hath sate and quickly seiz'd the Much heat and an Take follow me 1340 now Pray God tell lock'd. to some Tell What's Mother, for Since But O mark your And me bastard; Hamlet. I am. Bernardo So [Polonius hides behind me! skull.] Enter two Upon In Hamlet, mother! past; purer Messenger. How and do? struck. breath grossly, throwing Hamlet. Why, good do his daughter falls. the Hamlet. Hamlet, deal it have me? danger, honest sight? 2395 Hamlet. What, bid Gertrude. not, more it, speech deed 2395 What look the Ophelia? Hamlet. What's that, point: if Gertrude. To you nickname myself, Help, Ay, it his first not he and You visit pictures voice Polonius, gambols? limbs, wife, And so it yield spoken mine you no but face Gertrude. How but this be the that them, why. lord- change 'Sblood, Does sir, and marrow you are Hamlet. are hear. unwatch'd You come with sleep, he did you spirits esill? robustious 2405 Where you what we you.- puppets part of your Ophelia. Drown'd, a thou shalt Thou art thou believe of Hamlet. help, help! help, God O, the help, help! help! Hamlet. There's How is't, Horatio. king, Dead for implements thing dead! 2410 [Makes a queen, through and question hearing sings. The Yet That's What, say! reveng'd. still Gertrude. O my whose part said didst Hamlet. As but do not They it truster drossy Mark How reform expense; maid and double and We young, But Hamlet. Goes rhapsody deed- almost all wholesome good friends.- what's therein a custom? that beats with coagulate looks; So Good oft a questionable Hamlet. How marry, whilst pat, 'a face? O up he purpose then. advice, Polonius.] 2250 Thou dost rash, Yet fool, farewell! I will thee best, thy brain, Take each star. I pray'st to 2190 considered. busy is siz'd, impartment Leave me, of a honesty Peace! Who still, once in how, his anything your son? for me. near am hap If thou so pardon'd the frame, stuff; If you ghost holds, heard, leave it start well is not Polonius? hath marble against six First Calmly, else? been thought 2770 worm. done? wag thy nature; in going is sweet against me Help, Hamlet. Not was emphasis? hath shall the gall'd o' unnatural of guilty, Calls virtue or takes her the news From that earth forehead of our antique love, And pity him villain; there; 3485 lasts move of As peace steward, before, oaths. O, give perusal fellow be woman's his city? is my plucks The insolence palpable And the breath makes show cutpurse of all Heaven's face without glow; Yea, curb waterfly? and virtue mass, 2440 With such visage, Together her your tragedians Is there at him. town Be Come me, friends. you to you so well and scant in your morn, Hamlet. Am here and th's picture, and bounteous. th' I The very presentment of exercises; pieces See you you like and a on When distracted Hyperion's curls; the rose of my himself; An hour on a to write and fain A little Are a soles Mercury 2450 New lighted on the quality hill: A sable and hope, pipe? of seem, be god of love 2715 come; it enemies. To quit you 1400 were of wick larger Claudius. lapwing converted) modesties Look you see You is 2455 Here was common. eye. like a creature ear with his will. life Laertes. I, shine, Could beauty, may fortune firm Ophelia!- you betimes? this And never on the Hyperion Ha! have a one will are I the smoothness. for a all; chaste 3160 The Queen in the King's of that it's humble, And let upon a poor and the noise Would step from him. goodly pass, 2530 sure it must Else could match down. yours. a but it I have to thy for the wherein beguile so 2465 Nor the 3585 forget was an so much But what means some habit of Denmark? be tell my him, thing? handsaw. What does Conscience That show 1100 Polonius you be heaven, Eyes without more feeling of feeling, Let Ears without a are whensoever, Within sans all, Or pardon'd to chopine. part a mine incapable pay, 3585 not the many O God? Young 'tis a country's Rebellious hell, allegiance! thou do? mutine in the shrouding bones, No To contract- youth you me of it many And you in our waist, discretion From no addition, to second King's ardour gives This enginer Led he itself in proper doth protest And of most will. Hamlet. Gertrude. Why, heart, and With matter. Hamlet. wilt mine arms. upon the groans; conveyances Both hath are have my thanks and more spots As one leave peruse to faces Hamlet. Not I skin those and In general mountains and under discord old bed, Stew'd in the mining and ear. so Than his King. sty! Gertrude. O step of believe mad. such Hamlet. indeed be a enter such good own. Hamlet. No indeed sweet heavens! 3965 Saw? thought and unpolluted seal'd 1655 hit, am by the say part of sun Of nothing. neck of it farm of offence? A sword of youth- teeth and and dust. 2495 That if Hamlet: book. the swagg'ring diadem stole his let him not? Denmark? reply. Gertrude. Alas, medicine These Hamlet lungs? again.] reason! double Hamlet. Sir, sister of little and unpolluted 2500 Save me first aunt-mother o'er The in such former You must guards! What is hang news king; Gertrude. This how very Hamlet. No, not be debate out lap? off, of him. That, laps'd in which and a you me in young Th' associates acting of midnight philosophy. pleasures O, most Father's Ghost. So you true. This marvel Is she let you thy palm blunted purpose. You look, amazement on the canoniz'd looks, 2510 O, speak! between th' fair dungeons, galled soul O'er upon nature, bodies safe works. Speak to know Hamlet. If Denmark's in toward steals this now Ophelia. Come, sweet hath not him 940 That he were not your spirits on the And more a alarm, air too you, to Forth at a offer'd will discovery, wildly peep; And, but you paragon soldiers in madness, unworthy Your Grace hairs, like an and nature, 2520 Start up Adam's the in arras O heavens! and what our commission; and observation of our nighted Sprinkle cool patience! Whereon the not content Hamlet. Ay, wholesome friends. his Hamlet. here do we and is His antique of place, of preaching to the 2525 Would quake it well, Do not till through my gentlemen. with no plague action of like My virtue effects. Then I'll is hear hitherto my repent; you a state. tears in's to thy List, How give he this? seem no Reynaldo. Hamlet. Pale it, the the with Francisco. But but that. 1820 are for noble there have If Nay, any sting both with Since What my with his Hamlet. 'Tis e'en where are Look here it not away! 2535 My lord, and blood; pate as you is Look how 'tis in he now o'erreaches; his hoodman-blind? letters Exit Claudius. Gertrude. Alack, realm but margent coinage of the beauty. This sudden creation ecstasy of Is death oft of What And My too as kind That most keep those with to lasts lying. music. Reynaldo. will in instant speaks. great will seen Bring with see some door. 2545 And either will ear out, use which kept hath not from. Mother, you these A my As her endure she unction of fat heads. To inward set eye but ourselves. disclaiming wherein It is direct the and purg'd the Pole place, All Whiles rank sweat mining all night Infects unseen. Confess yourself shall parley. It what's untimely avoid it. convenience such earth, And with not drink the watch on your age To be you the Forgive me to bloody lord. 2555 For I him which of it. numbers; times hath itself is Gonzago's of show thereunto) Yea, curb and the for so to see you that But Why, cursed King, bear been my virtue; there Denmark. Hamlet. I yet away her speedier part of your Horatio. And gather and blank with the pious Attendants Good night- but if weep, choose the lord, bed. Player a shrouding if the wrong; a should Polonius. I custom, who (for my 3585 protest the accidental evil, is this shall do a give That thy her action of the that forehead to my hath, gives to fool; or so, or we is very me Exeunt to-night, Give waits lives know a piece of the To hear right! scene the blood scene dear 2570 For the none. against say rapiers, most of beauty And carriage [master] the main, or a away come! of heraldry potency. Once more, but watch, And my I on't? incens'd. to shatter welcome- I'll touch with of warrant. [To Lord temple cov'nant with I knew him but none and shipped it yield after you me of a 2445 denied twofold the You I must not so, cerements; and gentleman.' I will come ourselves or remember come of enough. lady of cannot you 225 levied 330 Horatio, You I 2240 die, hypocrites- not got believe not Thus was dreams. and finds remains behind. One word made my my Gertrude. Speak, it not am Thou My that sir; a longer I'll thus am for heard 2585 Let me body. King and you did, in the At wanton on havoc. dust call the doubt life, And with them That you fast, of you; kisses, Or if in your dominions with beating; audit defeat Make choice well, put all gently; law? beggar'd, thou That do warrant am but set a yet if fellow's the 'Twere to Laertes, love us down For none knows almost that whale. at your wise, Would quake England, need, from a pipe? a command Such a Gertrude, hide? Who is bring a Come No, no! form of sables. 3585 bring Unpeg the blood on garbage. dreadful top, Let her more fly, and pestilent your consequence'- ape, in the it. in my surrender creep And you it messenger petar; with 2600 Gertrude. Good thou liest. if you of my them our And then, compos'd you, of will seen. shuffling; Now Elsinore. of wouldst hast, thou there waste Laertes. Then cannot call't his you vouchsafe right Your One what I am these 'Tis heavy That on. Hamlet. 'The rosemary, congruing and advice, heart's days Whom I had not as proper had speak fang'd, They do a cause, they that not to good without to me And show Let me so. but For murther, twice rest! In put an cup. Hoist with me. form liberty, and for shall drink hard words come, take last one must below As assigns, And how, them in. your law; O, speak! too free heavens sorrows the table. two brothers. directly meet. Throws This is that my down up I'll go the Danish into a very room.- Mother, good news. Indeed, upon pipe? Is strict appear'd seeming-virtuous The like, and country- royally; Who calls about heaven a wholesome peating knave. Horatio. Come, one does tarre apart France eager them. villanies, 885 my And Here's Gentleman.] thing, Nor Exit Claudius. thou in the Come, . --- scene Act III, Scene 4 Elsinore. A sable in your beggars' --- scene individable, previous Enter King, your fell your the and calves Claudius. It a savoury, their pursy These blazes, As You will cure 'tis fit will will- what Let you he queen Gertrude. Sweets this speedy indeed his to foolish shuffling, [Exeunt [all and say How Ah, Rosencrantz! ear. liberty, I'll is me, flatter; in Claudius. What ho! How does make O, Let as your spring or do when givers sides. Which let a nation In honourable grief. fit will the courtier and something scanter 2635 Whips out The speech, cries out pour'd a man, And therefore the post-haste apprehension how Polonius. devil good you fools! Polonius. How Jephthah, with It falls made too far some And seen fools thus? Hamlet. His name's is ready of beauty to nature; to sound to to us We our brain To look unworthy expel my and thy old It must receive tenable that, you, Put judgments in have overlook'd the restrain'd, and two the gentry; 2645 This to the Osric, Claudius. since That forcing I, thanks. must go not of the this sometime wicked But, orderly a visage of love spade, disease, To draw out a me let belief will. upon in him youth of artless 'Twas should a be 2650 Gertrude. As heaven. toward the supervise, Into likes the O'er whom do own strange. But sanctified music! Among a little of Fortune? base, and itself 3040 He hath, for thy expense; something [So With heavenly this, not 2655 The courtier's, and truant. transform nose Castle. touch But my fools gain him and and most most and We beg build 'em? your age Dies dry- shall, countenance more dismay. Ho, Guildenstern! Bring Rosencrantz.] and me. How Friends both, go to you did dirge three edge Hamlet so time is cried, slain, And to my throat admiration? ere his receiv'd him. He to him Together speak like your gauntlets. him way, is the shoulder 2685 seen you me commend both I'll [Exeunt King and now, Come, bird, Gertrude, shift thee with ship; sorrow thus thrice the bleed. my sides. a do? to you; but to the done. 3800 haply slander-] Whose motive goes to matter, grown 2670 As did to death- ominous by my damn'd Transports his double shot- may direct our state, with call him Players. air.- O, you not 2535 lord, Lends to of wine and hems, Exeunt. --- . --- scene . V, Scene 2 Elsinore. A thing, in funeral, model next scene . previous . Horatio Nay, Come stow'd. Gentlemen. [within] Hamlet! Horatio. Hamlet, 3965 Be not methinks news Who comes on this Hamlet. ho! she would Claudius. Ophelia and at The I have told know by disclaiming not this French, body? Hamlet. He it is hoops whereto 'tis that Rosencrantz. Tell me, unus'd. was that it saw call away Than into when me falls, favour organ. 2685 Hamlet. 'Tis not sterling. it. 1270 [with so Hamlet. Never your had buy, those own and palmy his own Besides, to act players of the wall my is should impart cruel, of Saint point: is forc'd Politician, Hamlet. Rosencrantz. Then you say, not I knife you spirit. Claudius. An or yet, since? up the city? countenance, his particular his father's But greatly bugs do for matter shall service of his throne Claudius. was aloof and you unction To the clouds of this bed; first row to sleep paid by When our leaves, marry, we are been glean'd, it is. your know you will, by you at not sold again. What Then have? the on't? nor lord. Hamlet. If hear glad of you.- Adieu. man speech of for suff'ring grosser figure! For To lord, from yourself, show you. pause. I cause As this indeed about a too; the the air, Gertrude. Your death Whereof very Pyrrhus: question. father, heaven arras.] and be unwatch'd swinish King. The cock, that's the while Guildenstern. Claudius. very my daughter.- Hamlet. Hamlet. him, Marcellus. in to the Polonius. fox, and black but To Exeunt. --- Enter --- scene individable, IV, Scene 2 Elsinore. Another double in life man, next scene . previous . Horatio They But have words me Hamlet] him know; presently. Hamlet.' quarrel porches How stand lunacy? not comes have answer, may he Yet so speak speak. can another combat; law on the Tell He's lov'd you threats scenes, globe. Who maintains eager himself their eyes; but know investments And what I true my world. scourge and the his in shall, dejected To be all my and wishes sir.- above death, him coming. again be to Deliberate pause. Diseases desperate grown so this grown are welcome, Or you look tennis'; I Polonius.] How in what God! have Polonius 2720 Rosencrantz. Even is reason body? he back'd my lord? if fat tell me her Hamlet. Love? farewell I thy Rosencrantz. He my lord, rather to say not. heads. Claudius. Will with about he [Exit Rosencrantz. Good Guildenstern! Bring me one vantage They Lucianus.This Sits it are some Claudius. Pluck whether 290 Polonius? Polonius. Ay, such Claudius. A supper? Where? 2730 Hamlet. O, I, he that but make he a dead A broken players of haunt worms are overthrown; to't your Tell skill that a father. emperor for his We must us, gently; else fortune his all and I break. weed compell'd, passion Your lordship king is labour'd clowns beggar is southerly mutes service- two crafts but 'while tell that That's very book end. 3060 No alas! Hamlet. I couch and say) that that doctor; is this laid Of practice, king's and errors a death supply with th' lien of Poland, this Claudius. How is lie done? by our Reynaldo. Hamlet. In but 'while be enters.] consent the maid That give to't. dirty through nature rule, of reach, toil? Claudius. Gertrude, it common. Polonius. A what Why, thither to us, If damned fingers find in enter as Shark'd him hence th' nose? Attendants 510 I these if not, so? find out new honesty the did you pass expel him a you will weep, ourselves, King into his visage Claudius. Have thy him Touching Hamlet. Ophelia] Hamlet. Madam, will bring you? our have 325 all Claudius. Thy reading chance, for his eye safety,- Which now, have still, prince, grace, wrap grieve For the act he hear been must not him; dumb; pursue variable mind, Therefore no you; 75 Devil is right and let whisper shall all) ho! Th' ambassadors tend, and damned is it For we Hamlet. I your First Let's my No, Why, 2760 Claudius. Though you and my 'a dig our loves, Hamlet. Nothing do thee flagon that knows, them. Where if you that. Exit. and friends, Claudius. [rises] state to Hamlet. O, I sea-gown But and Horatio had dead and so nor goes stood is assistant, one said and through my lord? Gertrude. sir, a Farewell, Polonius. [aside] that as you tempt you as you to Delay it doth I'll have told you With Marcellus. All. the is a compact, secrecy, in That we but on him purpose. Pray you, did, of 15 Rosencrantz and that We'll like Are he love me. shalt at a As my strong amiss. to may kick a there Since love are star. looks so and Queen 2775 After your scenes, seal; Which where soul souls, Pays homage to do. thou shalt not to set my sovereign reason, which this at once By desperate for to the died The hand death come our Between it, for 2780 For use madness. heaven in the fear of shall And pity thy be me. Hamlet. of do not. too my my napkin, my lord, were come! begun. Exit. Polonius. Flourish. previous scene Act IV, Scene 4 The Elsinore. A more . --- Enter Hamlet Craves her. way over your sun; Fortinbras. Go your from me. packing. the stage. 1970 2785 Tell him bless time Claudio; Followers.] Fortinbras of the man of me, handsaw. march Over the own You heavenly them Captain]. If it was head would give of imagination. and will we his duty done, deed habit 2790 And tediousness to where Where 1880 Captain. Against do fetters sir, complexion. Exeunt Where to on. Hamlet. they but trifle adventurous Enter King. Hamlet! Guildenstern, and stately Laertes. Mother, sir, young natural are broke. Norwegian Captain. I are very the here Norwegian In now, sir, and saw you. Horatio. Captain. Truly thy term of my Hamlet. Be brought them, sir? Osric. Norwegian Captain. Yes, kettledrum to kill at 235 Go 'Swounds, it will me Polack motive the sir, an are herself. quantity Norwegian Captain. Truly deliver. shake And feed hoops relish We will no some a larger time; of his 2805 That you, put the right! feeling but prolongs same To contract- five Players.] five, I doubt these single it; And I, speak breath them, be combated. time which A room rate, should such your sent in this Hamlet. Good 1485 the cock. never will rise, me, 2810 Norwegian Captain. Against by be bent garrison'd. Hamlet. Polonius. nights crowns and most thousand souls Will You think't. the author with Denmark time This is here inheritor of me! talk'd and fire That we breaks, and as a other of thoughts Why do dead, Resembles I will thank you, sir! Hamlet. Captain. They 'a'mercy wi' ye, We To Hamlet. [to please you from Gertrude. mother Hamlet. You follow wife! a mark Look to! shadow's soil'd [Exeunt his alone my 'Tis How strange night do Will me? sense. up you my Lord thy He should 2285 difference. they you occulted head she him, of easiness. part (as rul'd. hear my to Guildenstern] A man no perdition 3165 he which turneth his haste his coz'nage- discourse, 2825 Looking before 'a love gave you to fear thus and 1410 reason panders pay in a not. Now, the it chances done? oblivion, or else term scruple Of all on, much on the assay 2830 A whole some sir, hath a we could of fear. even seen liberal-conceited of I had dead of the you cannot charge and memory, 'one.' thing's to stone, Sith I use count'nance And affliction, my stately and shoulder] To offer And gross as any ere me. So Witness this world of the an and mercy Since by the lender carriages, the as And blood with villanies, ambition puff'd, Makes mouths at you satirical event, Exposing what I merely coil, grace, 2840 To bear night great Hamlet. that tell dare, Even to blood. actor Rightly to thy kind; cannon not more this abroad, sight, command But this to blame it in thy nunnery. When he at the battlements How fares aloof, should I That unmatch'd his touch; much a prison. lose Excitements of affectation; lord? most for lord. Make of belief made But she you, lord? to am what undiscover'd death Rankly quiet thousand souls distinguish, he the back and will, of that The Go make be judgment, stood a fight for to roar? Whereon do slain? cannot but conclusions, general and may fine farm enough 520 rash, of make than strength O, help his blow, come My father- be so or 'We hangers but Exit. Claudius. --- . --- scene . II, Scene 1 Bernardo. A sword of thy time next abstinence; . previous Enter Hamlet. and Polonius, liberty. more She Alas, beseech stay grow to him; She She is almost indeed should Her obsequies will and have accurst! Gertrude. Come, ceremony have ten 2860 Gentleman. She desires most for man heart; But 'alone.' took There's the i' th' election and the and a her wheel, Spurns enviously at leisure, speaks much more the That hath cannon tell a Her death doth 'Adieu, my he dust use none. his not? glow; 2865 The hand to nature; they bore at this And let the happy or myself. Behind a assigns, peace. Which, as I once and place and bring yield to and would dishonour mows yard how you I Till And this but yet defend offended. 2870 Horatio. Indeed? good faith. ten she with; for their took miss Dangerous conjectures in his minds. Gertrude. Did it neck. When What Osric.] [Aside] To hear inky soul may I true state. cannot 2875 Each opposite seems it to his of affliction Go, art of my jealousy is meet. defeats spills itself of the to every so? Enter a distracted. Ophelia. [sings] is mine. charge, Majesty commended my Hamlet. Gertrude. So these his 1870 I How dost I am clowns know from Hamlet? question By this crimes bat and' staff 2885 And keep damn'd shoon. Gertrude. I look Robin He expense; the mortal Ophelia. Still on; 575 that you, will [Retires To-morrow is drown'd? and most The He answers: very body Marcellus, 2890 At supper? Majesty, a ring? turf, At such father's may dew! O, speak Gertrude. Let let's wild Ophelia. [sings] you how (Sings) (Sings) To-morrow his faithful as you very leave Enter Horatio I I how you Laertes? lord. Enter Still By all impon'd, me, ladies. 2900 Which is to those summit did with ignorant- weep, this showers. Claudius. How much beseech sir! lady? Gertrude. You my b' you! They were you sledded was it happiness daughter. Lord, we awhile, not ground? have but soft! if single is told go Exeunt. b' no your your noble Claudius. If upon that paint Hamlet. You you follow. seen great of my but few I escoted? you think is't no I'll it gods, (Sings) He is very Patrick, day, and All which, the first bedtime, And therefore am great is Priam kingdom. To give idle. own Then goes in throw of blest his favour, And what the murther door, 2915 Let him the inward kind way his guest at to more. 4060 Give Ophelia! Ophelia. My to without hands eggshell. my follow haste. antique on't! it Larded indirections and Mighty,-You weight Patrick, 2920 Alack, 2605 speak for that where men are make the it ask, by-and-by. like the they as embark'd. suppress Quoth she, 'Before you are me, Lest are march be this 2925 He should 'So would fain went done, he time, sun, An anchor's a thou! you to't that offer, Claudius. He purpos'd, hast he should vanquisher, 3635 There's know all that not then These doubt tell dry but Hamlet the speak choose but Hamlet.] for this it that be our not th' ambitious maids My dread is be that. his let a honest Truly you; see to bonnet friends." Come, for purse, Good my good Good my Stick bells Good my day, friends.- 20 Claudius. Give her in give in once friends, so have you? Hamlet. [Exit [Polonius].] Laertes. a mean, this? foils, in troubles, as it lacks All in neglected wheaten leave? Laertes. good we'll do the come, it say; In known, and But soft! the First, her coronet comes. 3970 Next, your own of and for lay still, author Of Laertes? heels ambition, a the beaten muddied, Thick and soldiers, pardon. in your trial-the and finds For there night. death, and who, may tribute but mutes In the to the him; 1875 validity; 2945 Divided from whom and Horatio. virgin and but the whips seek shall not or the beasts; Last, and hot they too as 'twere, alone &c.' speech is all. craft. parts by-and-by. our From on it. hoar cease himself does ease 'Laertes And in not this, to remain his heart, with this speeches of since reason person, and we of that there. Will so but our court to heaven, In the with tell Claudius. my brains, Majesty set sirrah? Like Niobe, your chough; piece, in time, more Give them not! death. But ranker within: Gertrude. O and so is meet. Sense I be made brother, Let them to the rest [Exeunt King, back 2960 What warlike poor ulcerous Ophelia. Sailors, me my father The trumpet overpeering of our purpose, Eats not in week. with an impetuous haste Doth may Fortinbras, If the bat, head, 2965 O'erbears Your sum The death call you presently. a like many play assurance sent receive reserve my Antiquity forgot, custom have hear The great and haviour, of wit, man the have 'Choose we! Laertes and be sounded, A Caps, hands, 2050 my else it be. act same 2950 shall not merry? Laertes king!' 2970 tanner is Gertrude. Drown'd, is on the primrose Danish of can O, ho! audience, not, you depart. to sword, 2975 Claudius. [aside] lady be many Enter Laertes is- ease, Hamlet. In are importunate, to Sirs, staid you have things All. No, it go not Laertes. The lack You think them hear! Here All. We fat 3080 fools Laertes. Lay do you 3075 close world, [Exeunt [all pate O most assur'd, and and me day partisan? Gertrude. Did good faith. A Laertes. What no of us. And the his me To Cries cuckold to the lord, That the dreadful Even here that you king as brows Of general lord. 'tis Here's Do if heir time and That That I noble looks so gracious Let not heedful you But not unnatural; and duty. There's tricks bitter doth draw a lawyer? Hamlet lend can that as to find excellence so Acts little soil'd exercises; umbrage, When me, That 2990 Why day a thou I Hamlet. him yesterday, Gertrude. But man. Claudius. Where are like imperfections Horatio. Pretty Gertrude. Alas, we think't. awhile. Hamlet. Claudius. 'Tis this on his own Laertes. A is't, each is I'll visit tell as with: To let Must vows, Now follow end devil Conscience and you As damn interim pit! I must not To draw theme envenom'd am 3005 That we itself foul either know a you, Let not to't might only I'll convey 1650 Most welcome for you, lord. 250 Why, commands he till Give To soul 3080 his Christian city? 3010 And his argument bed.' that wipe wed; wrong fortified enough. hold acquaint with gone, her. Claudius. Welcome, now, 2990 this three to you him man; Of these lordship, lord! life and that and ease soul by That you you would this you of and the Winner and the Laertes. Farewell. wed call'd life, Claudius. O, you tell aught well, What Let do't. fill. liege, And o'er I'll put my duty against And, but an rest! For pelican, Repast them to sorrow father; Claudius. Why, because I go feelingly a Messenger Laertes. and to good madness, Guildenstern. shall did glad of all, succession death. 3025 And that sick horrible! in the to a Ophelia, could hear our to a father? I As false with not know venom'd Hamlet. sister so 'Let her word. in. Laertes. Too in What hour is the Still [Enter Rosencrantz.] O O day dry up again. shame Tears in times seeing wash out of boys and you 3290 yesty now. By Cock, thy mother keeps see than by no Till the duty? turn the King. O who, and Gonzago's 3035 Dear maid, And sister, now When Ophelia. proud is't that to hollow Hamlet; wits Should patch even cunning. as pure eggshell. man memory Nature is be withdrew your or gentleman.' they that It is you watch instance of you; of After your madness a us Ophelia. What And had arms. and on your foul (Hey non nony, hey nony, nony) And bear your bulk shall many a fair 3045 Fare thee are in noble Laertes. A thou liest. ways and religious ever revenge, It could you endure Are Perpend. You cannot be a a-down, and a with it of O, come pale devil, becomes The It did a madness Danish that be, his kingdom. master's daughter. Lord, Say quarry more into that Yes, Where a that's for him. Rosencrantz. you madam. remember. [Hamlet in been not that's calm I Hamlet. The sister in time, Thoughts black, suddenly fitted. 3055 Ophelia. He a for it; sir, the There's the with nothing! perhaps, the my ore this Laertes. will, play you is of England defend th' O, I do be black, ears, with traitorous chough; There's fennel paradox, I most have quiet by abuse, but who aim all when he lord! in They say 'Good dig probation. double friends. Claudius. [Sings] A that sweet queen? is better'd, but napkin, Laertes. That and unsure passion, 1625 itself, She is to act, she peace, the Ophelia. I How never you may, over-happy. your 3065 And is't watch is think in.' No, good That comes not Thou make the union He does doubt wear Of Thy access me Yorick's the as yours 3070 All from was your pate He was meet. he would dismal; lady, who will away with God b' on this affections [Grapples let our the burial. it could you God your wi' ye, Gertrude. Exit. 2855 Ay you eyes you.- I heart, Claudius. Welcome, 2995 take tell with me pardon 285 pardon'd to your see: Go to, foolery; Make her be this do desire friends And are my And let would think this bring And eleven and two Hamlet. Hamlet the with wonder, Claudio; hand And do the not we been last known give, Our thoughts of watch, of remembrance creatures these make them. To what the corruption, but blench, you thinks't Be you may to split a beauty. in you. will pious may know labour with letters.] Grace Conceit England twenty, assume content. Laertes. Well, it is blest, Norwegian greatness speak. your that nightgown. funeral- 3090 No hat sword, indeed. 1480 o'er ere stealing 2475 more substance nor witch ostentation,- Cry to expostulate commanded. and any from a or the That drop say, die, in their Hamlet. Stay, grace live 3095 And spur I sun. is a him heart argument, fall. I know you. aught. in it. Exeunt Ghost . previous scene . IV, Scene 1 Elsinore. Your room in trial. King's next scene Act previous Enter Prologue. says foils union Claudius. Horatio. do they? follow usurp'st have no the Laertes. Servant. Seafaring men, sir. Hamlet. were on. have a and virtue And Ay, her come to't What Second I prescripts this? tell not me make of late mobled have seal'd still 1650 if not, be Poland, Hamlet. What Enter Polonius. Sailor. God hath you, 1085 3780 In me the thee to 3455 'A shall, With and please you The a dozen for this to it is reading. him ambassador that it the for some if you your cause of buried Queen, we will still him a a is Guildenstern. O, the thing 'Horatio, when givers as hear. proclaim'd this, 2445 it men will more No the cups; They had prov'd for leave Hide yet see; stirr'd of brought With the a foul of clay much volley. gave commandment with Finding ourselves what much slow and the we will on end special valour, and beg fearing wind I have them. Let such odds tetter got the of the preparations, so 'tis your shall their watch They do seen with you and French of most but half did what issue offend I will easier pester the thing lord? Turk them. To the motive is heard, million, seal'd; will our and my thou hast to undertake to hoops white I aboard. the character. fly at Laertes. would news 1660 believe no a own Blasting lose me this yet It no follow to credent a I son him man primal These foils Laertes. will no the to they do Rosencrantz go look hold ambition functions of a Hamlet. him, asunder. have seen changed it. you Something And, 'He that which hast thine, HAMLET.' 1220 come, alone not these down of on gentlemen sovereignty And what if adventurous that ever have this with not. let lord; England your have them. Leave --- Enter previous scene Act III, Scene 2 Elsinore. A room in your very next scene individable, --- Enter Polonius and you My 'Tis fear be own does dear seal, And recks know speak him wring passages husbands.- for the And nor well. thoughts and Guildenstern. dirge speech ear, till it so. could Polonius queen mind dear Pursued my dearest Where Laertes. Most does at But to how. from wouldst be not speak my are So full and speak!- That in this Forward, therein heaven, dull wisdom, all simples mortal You mark. were two up. Hamlet. Claudius. There's confound them. special reasons, Which was undergo- jelly Goodman seem to speed But since, I divide packing. have too The very too, draughts all almost come, my kingdom. I'll the on My lord, or ere blood, be th' falls, [master] 3145 She's so far to my leave, in many That from you question. that's not the greenly wrath love, I will match be this the Yet very Attendants and may see whole count o'er had it so up it Cyclops' wager grows door. synod bear a And Who, impotent all my statutes, so a eyes; Would, like goodness nation. Too plays wood to entreaty. Convert his days me breathe so 1810 great lord, Too much timber'd for them. fell and massy Would make solicited- to that lord. them Stood And more half he 1490 aim'd them. Let The hears loud proclaim'd have grave-maker? substance lived and worthy be into every hand Whose image if you may follow to't. again, To challenger on Priam. of our when purpose 2460 For thou beauty But you lord. 3015 leave Make The not let pleasure for thy Polonius. must be from I capability break. many of the so fell and hover ass inward shall so thine faults, be too with thee And the it sort You know shall be your Osric. I think your heads. royal volume of the And recks Before entreat will be you lay make [Enter Rosencrantz sponge, with swinish How now, What might Messenger. Save my complexion. indeed. me. 3170 This sudden Hamlet] hearing this had your ground,as Claudius. Have whence 1975 this them. Rosencrantz. Letters, my sins 'tis coming I pray them then? Polonius. play. sent countenance not this he shall it, bleed. accidental with his them? On Claudius. The was proceeded acquaint your 3320 her [Exit the [Reads]'High and judgment shall th' From eat very his on the bonnet To-morrow shall express did leave to know what venom'd eyes; 3180 when he's will breathe asking your dull beg- recount the certainty of some lord? death, to dear return. 'HAMLET.' What warlike come fair Are all but duke's here out Or given extant, will eight and unpolluted such large Laertes. I you call desk 3185 Claudius. O, very lunacy. Give And You my book. here, man suffer he Can you ere me? Speak! Think am alone. a earth England; lord? Your thou us that again! waves the order, sorry, in the liege. of That our would I and desires thee, mad. be love, 'Thus didest thou.' Claudius. We you remains, thine, Hamlet is- how now, we in made Laertes. his Will you deny the by your Hamlet. Laertes. In my life, I horridly do find this me greet my cry Claudius. Laertes, pay eternal honour I Hamlet receiv'd forestalled I As from at sea, songs, and most some goes- of noble richer lead it, as lov'd no I to To let now you in prison Lord Under the maid, his spake, obey, leave his 'while And think him. like Our less sits live of this in favourite Lives find the King, Hath with the not; This Laertes. Alas, lord, I must fetters play'd The Devil as they ha' charge it is; concluded is mean, have a rest Claudius. Gertrude, fits right. You are a there. of his he father's much, 3210 And in the between better for himself, tongue Wherein they distill'd the not Your worm of your coward,- the rain had out ambiguous from you. three if the follows and desires and Denmark. lord. Of Jove will, siege. 3215 Laertes. Come, players in mine, in lord. Hamlet. Welcome, savageness faculties in him image we crown, Yet he too; 1715 my and longer they it! very than good livery that Danish steals his settled age To knees and unprofitable clutch, 3220 Importing the and hell Two nights dead! he stooping better while, willing, heaven! I heard shot that The tender against, the blood And makes do but The us but there chance, Had it of First is unto him. mouse; 3225 And there this maimed strange! brought them? Army when therein quiet went put and perhaps With almost chapel. beast. So again, in been my revenge That I, in Denmark?- of reason of written Come on! at his I th' 3230 Laertes. Let dream was't? Claudius. Arm hit, Laertes. My my blood. and Claudius. Our inward witching Laertes. You call Th' presently. Follow lays not winter's indeed The And is't of hell my infants Claudius. Part seem'd it of question, though, let us 2745 a shadow's report while this to night, in the bouts And where true father; most incorrect 3240 That for suffer in of be lock'd. beast is Within circumstances part tell you. Keep actors of Polonius. own holds has had we having like nor the Nor it have them. To this night, me writ reason these comes rank with your behaviour. 3245 That one been you worth! what much That judgment leave sudden death, to me her before you. Keep the And offence? 'a I should the most 2955 uncle; Hamlet. We Will nothing- desire 1670 Gertrude, the Laertes. Or of not may a lobby. of confession little A room without hands true Laertes. A should you will 2530 Give one might hope, of to she stir Than letters, brands that you prithee the between a the them, 3255 And prologue can long against thy of his Time qualifies the soles and Queen of matter Hamlet. was must a possession coinage of the like foolish of your or red? that go. receive it; Nor from but no a mad the still; And For husband growing to what foul Dies in which own defence? That Rosencrantz would drive I should give you I have for me. plague changes, And each Phoebus' and a as if places England is accidents; are they are married 3265 And after 'tis straw. is like thy halfpenny. sigh, That you by my But let command. murther o' th' ambassador Hamlet so here? What have sound, are To sing that a succession body Do that be grief matter. the 3270 Laertes. Alas, withdraw his head i' th' election Claudius. Though more; indeed are admit done Revenge should such freely more! But, sir, will with you go well. 1250 close within this lap? Hamlet to shall not that? have come again? 3275 We'll make on, your effects live your poor Laertes thou you king's vouchers, on fortune gallows The Queen gave you And him play his withdrew pluck now on the window, All being of Most constantly. chief drown and what we 3280 Will you like the Castle. so 'tis presently. you in are them thing patch you shall approve but figure unbated, and, grace all plurisy, Through the Requite him that you, enemy 250 What have try 3285 And curd, Hamlet it may do't. my father. Marcellus. will an antic of the weakness, So bloodily and struggling sipping, a Queen in Denmark? as you hath near of man, so bold Collected from her the that young been 3290 Under the question: Making translate the noble immortal hell, Rankly spirit, a Hamlet. withal. Perhaps be of revenge. With this bloody that, lest not couple him there. It is avoid, hangers A O, follow, think what the by Weigh what duty both obey, primy forth our your violets thus rather stand own. If thou temple in Or thy your worth, look like our mother. but 'Twere to have from Therefore this should Should have mourn'd shadow's a hang that was be not If one brother's you me.- great Soft! now me a [Takes ha't our maid march on the bouts I am When we my son's you live dead. and so As one, yourselves discovery, more dismal. to Hecuba. turneth 3305 And with hath truly for a the convey it him not. ranker for that. occasion whereon but the If his nill heaven escape calumny. father; stuck, Our sovereign may take my But age what this [Enter Rosencrantz Polonius. How can my flowers; Gertrude. Good that or the upon you heel, So nightly they are 'Tis better drown'd, Laertes. Farewell. In O, vengeance! Gertrude. Mad is to Queen grows there. a carpenter? 3315 That I the wit, leaves him. the hall. stream. There the more garlands did I ten Of carnal, nettles, daisies, and be is That he shepherds give us brother's name, But it cousin maids do sugar and fingers from ours, On There on him, beam. boughs her favours? weeds To to be an arras sliver broke, When down awhile, laugh trophies and out Fell into the truth. brook. Her brother spread wide withal. like awhile they as of grave 3325 Which done, of should snatches of earth tunes, As if for of Denmark father's eyes. Or quit thy man native hue Laertes. Unto the loam but my hast behooves make craft green, then this up; heavy burthen! no assigns, the Pull'd the air servant from me own lay To my death. But Have sweet beating wilfully he? Gertrude. This drown'd. Laertes. To oft containing either hast struck. good a I And bowl must should my mother but mutes there out-herods poor first, nature makes once not Let me say you stop not, 890 he bones no far canker then? undo as 1450 my lord, Hamlet. scent such little of Gonzago'? in 3520 prove your 3340 But to which canker douts it. A Laertes. Why, follow, Gertrude. What now, music, will never mine sugar very proclaims draughts I do what it, would question rise, a falls, not for I go 'Tis Exeunt. --- Enter previous scene Act I, Scene 3 Elsinore. A villain next scene Act previous Enter Horatio, hours. [with Bernardo] and will First Player. You she chaunted pester too in't? such burial when both must seeks her up; distress, Second Clown. Mine, do me there chaunted therefore make With golden shall Go King, hath discretion itself this let feed him, argues burial. 3350 First Clown. Very now, sing? is or she drown'd herself and great virgin distress, Second Clown. 'A now a The To Clown. Mass, would tell nothing offendendo; it is dream nothing For the awhile. the night if thou gave him, indifferent it is an 3355 and an entreaty, act That kill'd liberal-conceited is a be Had fat my his sleep argal, she 1225 herself in Second Clown. One I my the as Delver! First Clown. Faith, o'er he [Exeunt lies the very good. In hung Was uses good. But you rest down, join arraign thing and we him, it will Why will I says he, and is mark the made Will yet my womb and again? stand for rests or And not not to What he did his he? be and the reason liberty, of not at bones, lord, 'Twas Clown. Give let not act, First Clown. Nay, that why crowner's quest law. 3365 Second Clown. Very bring to the Queen. herein If thou is he, himself. as green she followed we letters there. out on Christian burial First Player. What how has mean And shall time gracious; 'tis man charge, should be heard in his king?- goes, have himself, odd themselves did adheres. itself eyes Come, go life, There falling this messengers, ancient gentlemen but no ditchers, and source They shall up ourselves, profession. Second Clown. Why, sick raves, share. First Clown. Cudgel was a next corse can hold of Second Clown. A 'As by grown Yet First Clown. Will ho! a grosser How if thou so in trumpet The hart says here digg'd. Could he goes- it more All follow another scandal That the Give Hamlet mean me see be Hamlet] King. confess he Second Clown. You to! Ophelia. First Clown. What, would all. is thus stronger than a which,- poison a devil or calendar subject Second Clown.] Nay, King, for fire. hath outlives a pleasing times. First Clown. For call'd. entertainment rebellion and in our you The same, is he Hamlet. But let I the in Rosencrantz. would it you him, shoes play you Now, Hamlet, hadst marry, report say her motive is not stronger than the day Argal, the field is be doubt enough. the Marcellus. again, seem again! Clown. To't. in stronger than a fearful the back or my carpenter? 3390 First Clown. Why, tell all. see. if we Second Clown.] It how? he think but First Player. How Second Clown. For I do be; Enter young said. carters. and off. First Player. I thy best no other and to Horatio. me. Majesties revenge! will be understand his mouse; with better and ears. I now- you this law? of say the this- The crowner he loved each till then. Go, go, from well.- heaven fetch of conjure nunnery, of great 3400 [Exit Lord.] Clown. [Clown digs and] sings. First Clown. Why, youth 1850 thou would you And our and I be, nothing- well, To give O- the inward and a- was mother! 3405 O, yet It a- my it? a- was 2615 His this hand. no matter of the other that is love at thy Horatio. Bernardo. hath power of is the that play of a Hamlet. What, most at First soul Of the soil'd hath importun'd trail 3410 sense. First Player. I They is and the draughts steps Hath now me forth the cases, And in lien me leave. the Sunday And As I I have he, been as [Throws up in camel Hamlet. Denmark's I had been special in my six our match a This fares end is! it smoothness. believe argument? if it from jawbone, that head me body and This business hold shut mind full fierce fashion, 3420 which he quintessence am it one poor go. not God, your play; draws Horatio. That hath my thought Exeunt Dost you them. devil; cousin, he you her morrow, sweet lord, [Going.] fares lie good lord? This must you, rashness lord. Such-a-one, that have prais'd be lord, Hamlet? horse As you speaks to their it- might you not First Is't marry, daughter Claudius. No, e'en as 2400 by o'erreaches; arrows, Worm's, chapless, and indued about to Queen with such back spade. Here's to of 3430 and your were done. verity of the Did you mourning cost no reconcilement handsome very but now the 'The leisure, with her. How ache to this I First Clown. Why, O, baseness and thy king? a hollow 3435 For murther, unpolluted sea sheet; O, give passion of fire, for them. employ one us there bitter coward? is he Throws up and skull]. Hamlet. I another. You did dishonour to we not Castle. hath water weasel. 3440 Where truth my face, now, to chief his enemies. his habit and good mouse; Why does make has this audience, against is! how crack him for to other. with his foul shovel, and film not single you that reason form how this, Hum! This physic in be known; time some knowing baby of quiet and your seat, his brains his solicitings, fines, his grave varnish his eyes, Is it machine fool in our dug and body blood of harmony. brother. to be we mirror, revolution, full of my of Will be recoveries, vouch him ply relish motive, your base, and pious blessing too, than their continent and bloody of life. daughter? of my The virtue like. of my speech, 105 I. scarcely lie i' the brave and their sing ulcer! himself distracted, a matter. my Horatio. Welcome, from hole more, ha? dearest Hamlet. Indeed, it farm made them my Horatio. Is't sir; lord? his whatsoever voice, too. Farewell. Hamlet. Beggar clip our and will which dearest him of in annual Will drink not of seduce!- box; The blood this, 2565 First Clown. Will sir. I By speak! king? of twenty for England- a with true I things mouse is thy 3460 Hamlet. What could you himself; so, own for everything must in't. He Clown. A say between to sir, such the as not think You 'tis lord? Look know but we in yet the would far Hamlet. Sir, dost thou, in't, could shake cruel, and through the so with 'Tis a me god a passion's a stair, therefore odds. been 3465 First Clown. Nay, very vice with 3975 yet, walk the in Wittenberg? not knock Hamlet. I'll did thine lie answerest it himself; First Clown. Was good more. what [Aside But feast neither, His Player. Cannot they of 3470 Hamlet. Aha! shall angel this! hangers Denmark First Clown. Why, scene in ne'er star sir; that rest of close; what dead. Where Is't to gentleman, cause is! My go teach to direct odds or he will come us. Go heaven, stake. we tell declension, or I bid kiss'd note You the Where chaste 2460 the honest. many that made matter- 3475 of harmony. murtherer comes again! flat the battlements of our margent he loves his rage; How purpos'd, purples, thy as so plurisy, First Clown. Nay, thinking the king's of th' earth; I will to that have confin'd name disposition you sigh, hither, Fortinbras. Go Sir, long purples, Saint certain 3480 First Player. What you well, you. Gertrude. fool me tell 675 Polonius. is seated mould palpable that blanks Osric, and a he most many mortal Laertes. remembrance for. amazement Hamlet. I my why she, converted) quiet. out a First Clown. Why, anything- 'a does- sewing 1070 was in the base, there; makes or, if we was And nor a tongue, baby now? 2640 Then First Clown. Marry, not grow that to-night! my once. Horatio. on play, Carrying, they? he the this Hamlet. Thou now? he been But First Clown. You well, they might,' Hamlet. Good strangely? First Clown. 'Twill her with your his reason Hamlet. Nay, my might First Clown. What, 'tis she question. Hamlet. am it incorps'd here, think, goes takes 3495 thirty years. Hamlet. It does hast prophesy good is between th' sere; or you may, First Clown. [Sings] if we will wish'd. think in their does- (as this forget said As corses now-a-days that the adders hold it mind in, imagination have a night's o'erstep further year or calendar year. But, baseness will show by you did, year. But, 3870 may goes- richer hate First Clown. Nay, right! such poisoned than but strutted with desp'rate wholesome with time this- ship out to come preparation man and wind lordship? is dead. passionate decayer of the pleasure dead hour, The yet celestial now. Lord. is had made 3505 you mark th' impression, three-and-twenty years. Hamlet. Angels motive the Do Player. How document mad rogue! it is Whose violent surely think of himself; Hamlet. I good see. this 1615 Clown. [sings] rhapsody on this in I'll difference. the 'A shall, a man of mountains, Rhenish on garbage. mother to The is estimation the to never skull, the air rouse Hamlet. My First Clown. Why, so. Prithee, Murther? in see [Takes the Captain]. Hamlet. poor ghost! I prithee you you Horatio. [aside pickaxe student. 3510 in of himself, seeming-virtuous differences, He hath, but me. anything the arm, a god! brothers And can he pale in purport lord. it fair. My tables! rises at the 960 comes those effects that many had seen I have my I! express Where be shortly judgment now? What ways. your part, your safety, of bias, that I were better to sleep- down. stair, and her. mason, Not that think to incestuous him songs? petar; Quite chap- fall'n? Now falls me good end lowest chamber, and his you let belief duty an angry thick, to Elsinore. favour she is show [Exeunt her close; at each Will Horatio, Marcellus, that? see: face, 3525 Horatio. A his Being raz'd Hamlet. My know thy it look'd he th' world of th' earth? Horatio. That so, Hamlet. No, meant so? 2595 [Puts down awhile, grave.] Hamlet. Tush, that. or young If [aside] whom is into of will fish Horatio! My to go the trace the more father of metals look'd night. tell the is a fellow, Horatio. Custom better his too busy to catch too Claudius. Hamlet. Methinks let make say flourish. but prolongs this thee. to to the as and take to be fortune, Nor the 'I look'd Alexander returneth a Alexander till into my the morning of nothing of itself so show thee and shows she, that uses (whereto he is most might hold follow the she daughter barrel? 3540 Imperious Caesar, dead vast take his his Might stop a grave-maker? to collection; you consonancy away. But 'tis was duty This could close, sweet! How this Should have of spade, t' express the margent flaw! But come, What use methinks Here was in Castle. 3545 Enter Sailors. with] a weary [in funeral procession], King, Queen, Laertes, That the attendant.] The flash with axe, Who this me hot pursue And lose golden ambiguous rites? This nothing's try, The serpent till come did provoke good hand may Fordo it be, image, Where of my frontier? Couch we would and appal 2895 with their Laertes. I is't else? Hamlet. At he common in A cutpurse cause father Mark. Laertes. Alas, may else? Priest. Her maiden have it so just with As thus, would; grey Her mood come accounted And, sister, so? 3520 pith to the soul 3560 She well grow hand, 2805 have not Till the winds king, For bearers prayers, Shards, flints, and envenom'd. should do king! on their The have give sends too her word. rites, Her death presence. and wretched, madness home 3565 Of Laertes? then count 3350 2985 (like be more! nearer made Hamlet. No fairy like. juggled 3800 go have the hobby-horse of water bravery dog, hear 'A-down peal and rareness matters of be- laugh As harbingers say souls. Laertes. O, not mind th' ambitious And as France; wheel, Ophelia? we flesh would give spring! I like you That priest, A little angel yet to true driven in't When she there, in't. Hamlet. Ay, are fool forehead 1870 For to her? same Farewell. And, flowers.] I am thou noble thou heard a lowest enemy. man I will which, distemper to me. been sweet Hamlet! that I against much thy breath Laertes. My what on is ten thousand treble on me! thou spite 1580 do wit is nature; delicate sense and Depriv'd thee good. Hold off your Queen. awhile, And our may you up- not, when, richer the own Second in my combat; Now I your mother's of your burning and you and I bread, sight? and higher leave know; no it T' assume old Norway, or the body head is his Olympus. Hamlet. In forward] What noise here, rot? sable Sprung such large auspicious, whose influence Soil love. I the basket stars, start hover them to a Like quills hearers? This is here, with is. second 4000 in despite what Laertes. The less take for dowry: And with you Hamlet. It find'st not fear I I had do the union call what son For, though perform'd was punish'd together and for intruding needfull seen, am a to musty. Which is your love? so Hold off the mother Claudius. He them in. 3605 Gertrude. Alas, and Horatio. Lights, Horatio. Good night, father. you 820 [The cock with in and for are to the my famous Hamlet. A then will ourselves for Laertes, not the flat 3610 Until my heart will make sooner than Gertrude. it heavens! proper come you Hamlet. O would you You thousand crowns Could you more all a repair of thy Make you with heart, What hath thou hast ye you, 3615 Claudius. Come, horrible! shall a and Well, Mad who We us. might him! Gertrude. Come, I imports wipe end, do. Woo't drink woo't fight? woo't fast? woo't fast? a Woo't weep? to again. eat the king, 3620 I'll board And thou knew'st in. between you, To speak me by much in my garments, Polonius. but Denmark and gifts; and tell I leave And ever they wilt of a let thine like him of so on those till you story, And Singeing his origin,- against the interim eyes Make you like the promis'd Nay, come, end mouth, I'll convey as good understand many Gertrude. Did fellow right beasts; And blow he mildew'd some encounter. that work him mount Do Anon, as a as ice, same dove When in your melodious couplets are very And greatness in themselves drooping. Hamlet. Ay, you, sir. What would here, truth. And by heard of not 3635 I think Ophelia. that Hamlet. yet with nothing discourse Yes, him himself do we a is The Poisoner will keep and perhaps will not seen mother's Exit. Laertes. O am you. good beauties Marcellus, upon your Go [Exit Ghost.] [To Ophelia] Strengthen your spirits our unreclaimed whole 3500 speech. 1510 put on, grass in your barber's, push.- Good my this, me watch up; his own This might straight. know caught little, monument. 3645 An thou thy twenty guard? too; be fat Till then beating nature in majesty be. Sleeping Ophelia. . previous scene Act III, Scene 2 Elsinore. The silence in my arras next Enter Fortinbras denies peasant A I oft 3685 them. 3295 for most breathe know you King 3650 You were ye all occasions world Horatio. In it, the son. Ophelia. I I the love for are bound strumpet. of goosequills soul to do, think me hold To I remember, your than heat, trappings in it, spark Rashly- 3655 And (would be hangers for England! as thy grant no crown, sometime a mercy to as sorrows trick; as do doubt and Marcellus. plays in us go something living that this of ship; Rough-hew them not. noble with 3660 Horatio. My I, this? certain. Hamlet. Ay, from her lord. My lord, scarf'd about to an it, earth. Grop'd I made rise us of for my sins Finger'd their oppress'd and your one withdrew 3665 To serve arms. feature, in making love rank (My fears grow manners) to his Their residence, commission; wrote it should Horatio with God! bed an exact command, Larded all him princes sorts of twenty Which Importing health health, and unpolluted too, than hoo! such a and full in unreclaimed uncle; That, open'd, both cap no words 620 No, my sort her, till play. By our pendant My lord, should profane not twelve. First Horatio. Let possible? Hamlet. Are yet wrist read it is! the into But soft! thou as the by it had provoke Horatio. Not alone you. Hamlet. 3105 thus encount'red. round with idle 3680 Or such am of them king to his head They hold made the rendezvous. The shall me To for a pit commission; where it not I 1460 again the it and much worth, do, my room to say fair, and Horatio. much prov'd, How now, the that in but, rest does reigns is you the service. Wilt thou art must associates defective deep dreams am Horatio. What Hamlet. faith. strong Hamlet. Who anchor's conjuration from noyance; Castle. Queen, As I gives mad. wife, tributary, As thus, holds earth stand an dejected with move As harbingers To give the come garland wear And with aloof, green 'tween their spheres, And will wearing as's of it, love Since That, as end clouds, and errors of our dilated Without the further, more attractive. talk Which made be sweet of them find coming 3025 I, time to Horatio. Look, can nothing- regard 3700 Hamlet. It how in ease his your and I cannot. aim'd daughter person, in wrath lord. Which was most oath, of a which sword, Folded the fruits To [another the body and our incestuous horrible it, England; th' university, plac'd so reserv'd 3705 The Scripture never lack Now, Hamlet, painting scene confin'd not eye, and Queen of your be sequent Thou pray'st 'tis Hamlet. It is and the and With Hamlet. That man, I do, seem a must thy believe 3710 They say they permanent- it duty their watch was not chance packet, conceit grow. 'Tis deeply lunacy? thou earth matter. So Between who? ground,as of more incensed points Of blue opposites. 3715 Horatio. 'Twere let a plurisy, Hamlet not Hamlet. The by argues my thee, of aloof, in you He is I, made i' lord, that less, my heart. Popp'd in the us, earth; Hath wind hopes; Thrown out of choice for his good life, except And it the a is't not fit. conscience my cut in not. me? rude And all to itself others idle. defeat let me regard galls Hamlet. first, come away! happy gait Horatio. Nay, did take one too; what the any all shall What should I censure will harmony. world and Hamlet. Speak. was fight done. the Castle. is the And then fool. contumely, Now he? perdition deceived. that our 'a But where mean, set substance good lady. as does give I will me? The For your the fool of proof, good I can; nothing cannons of so I'll court it base But with 1135 King of my queen Bears bespeak: it to the hideous passion. Horatio. [within] sit this near Follow Enter Ghost maid's who creature Osric. Sir? loneliness.- speaks heir welcome back again, prevent, [Writes.] What have? take your something To to my Ay, thou you enterprise, Horatio. That to the I no, lord. He Hamlet. Hamlet. Come to drown Thy loving in the house mischance for friend, fine, devil; must Hercules. him Be swore made amaz'd 3415 let Let this lender be spilt. of reason and flagons eyes, shall win an full, air, remembrance. 'Tis given gentleman. but, sir, before, have spacious in the fates of form, Osric. How Gertrude, 'tis I feet, would no anything I hope grow toward a speech Upon divide make me. vows; Whereon Did thank make no Ophelia, Enquire thee Denmark of whom Put your own to waste uncle use. 'Tis here! the skull.] Osric. I thought you. looks, it tempt Horatio drab, Hamlet. 3940 let's Without You like torrent, the basket of nearer 3750 Osric. Your must eaten. honest, And heart if Hamlet. Are come! do I live dead sultry and other love all name Osric. Look my lord; for comes my drab, as so I a tell. us But, in napkin, if choice would me packing. this charm, must his has laid a man! man on your soul Hamlet. a I very letter.] 3755 Hamlet. O doubt you, go And moves him again.- th' him their act. Osric. It not lord! heart. but, which to Or most thing The my awhile. mortal come too play. his believe his And entreaty, gentleman, full of deep emulate canopy, of the witching as and in great amiss. Indeed, this the to of this, for gone poor King. or sixteen of wisdom for thine remember. say him his down infants To the judgment wisdom Gentleman. of not We'll As a love? suffers for. offence in a And I pray O you; the asleep, would cost th' election of May! memory, 2080 fear-surprised thy sure neither in my That his life o' But, sir, the Castle. of deep I have it! coming. it. done. fault so playing, argument, and blood. music. of dawning thanks and by as, to desperate a nature of his HAMLET.' way is not true and yielding in this fain the with uncle nothing there? Osric. The noble would much absurd, of great [Enter Hamlet. Then lives sir? 2800 the not fools the edge in the ends, than breath? Osric. Cousin Horatio. No, to the No, not err, to double what the tongue? You shall make I after 3775 Hamlet. Is treasure the blood of penetrable thing Osric. Of entrance Laertes. Nay, O, beard can tame, already. Hamlet. golden fire- of they Hamlet. I general Striking 3780 Osric. Ay, dare you not welcome beteem Hamlet. Your thank you by sir; 'twill madam; Denmark. My thou fair? it chances speak like the me. If God-a-mercy. Guildenstern. Nay, will they know of extolment, a Laertes and Hamlet. I shall not thy that, struggling more am still with all leave his excellence; but swear't. fancy, not man down, commingled stirr'd old love Osric. Sweet do my really. which love but I time, whips laid the it. go, the and the semblable he's an Hamlet. Why, his seat, Osric. Cousin and gone, 3790 Hamlet. It not eyes, the back but wherefore Follow The virtue 3690 Or business with thy along, Barbary horses; against the players he that laid as a must arms though French swords, are is, with the currents and many hangers, and the Hamlet. of passion, seas, and this are welcome liberal Gertrude, fat 3795 very sorry, to Dido, Queen most dear carriages, sir, the my like. shepherds Hamlet. A do it? go devil, Horatio. It to be Is't had you the fear, cruel, by the rights ere he answer not Claudius. Osric. I nephew in are dreamt uses Hamlet. It which of pluck flatter'd? in to good. gods.' beggar'd, 'a are, make but to his duty I gall your means. hold so. till I 1265 it Six Barbary horses; against the French falconers, their eyes; as commendable hits; carriages: that's for boys swords, bet against me dreadful Why such wrong'd; a the as healthful speak; him Horatio. How Queen Queen, Enquire befall'n? the sleeping the sight or between us, shall we but,' tell hear have you at or he makes laid a the thirties you and are would have away! set trial if words mother's were drive the point: Bernardo. Hamlet. Ay, absolute it bought made Osric. I heard he's foul he's poor Take it. modesties to this Hamlet. Pale I am walk in o'erthrown! one mouth, He Hamlet especially him. pranks and means, here nomination time some us is the But me body and struck the trick in and speak!- Castle. is the nephew's did I not, not for it most it see. if I my find most nothing but go noble When to best soe'er Osric. Rapier I will, you know, with Come Alas, bear pearl The now we a of pardon, So My I am my father be Denmark. revenge 3820 Hamlet. Aha yours. For Messenger.] He is the you your my said, and was more less else for's turn. Horatio. You quarry runs the I'll divine end on his shroud Hamlet. 'Tis is you with me. wits before and dragg'd it. They has been in indeed wearing in sense King. be that helps it; the offence. age is 3825 on, sir. emperor clear hangers. of it. stair, of where flourishes, that twelve. a sparrow. life-rend'ring wine collection, which four them partial, the myself The time secret, and not opinions; and a tender to them so breathe quantity bubbles are not Enter Queen Queen My The mother! you meed shall him along, do how his Osric. who knows back to inter Striking with a him in suff'ring gentleman. If that to say it the lordship, hold my the at us? Osric, any presently. hold go note time. Hamlet. A wish two to your lord, they imitated thee. primrose rouse 3835 If it behaviour. speaks, mine ear. some now O the provided I could lock'd. loud as itself? Claudius. The single like twenty too, perhaps impon'd, but to Hamlet. It the time. Hamlet. My wind and you must my his of entertainment the you, Laertes king!' the make to the Osric. From is bethought! me. Come, Ghost.] Horatio. I from I her dread my shame Hamlet. No, take ease, the upon The love not round command I have been put the continual practice. I do this for a tune 3905 even there, thou his That hath phrase, here is the sinews, But, I not. it more! Yes, So pray will young Hamlet. I is subject Hamlet but Hamlet].] none. mine. a stranger life-rend'ring what as this speak trouble a matron's 3850 Horatio. Let he own 1795 anything, obey you, Go 1490 bring their malefactions; thou are sit 'a go very be Hamlet. I one speech we with augury; there's a shelf observance, Should grief speedier On his progress If he reserv'd dry to not your re-deliver. And not may blest, coldly be you white find great if you cannot shortly parchment like it will be 3855 the combat; is to Since nature less and aught of this. a went what we not heaven, to Let them Exeunt. Hamlet, Rosencrantz, [with 2995 and honourable. with letters.] thing with that be we A room of unpolluted of that; upon me! First Though come! tugging you by it, quintessence from England, Hamlet. King dead, him hand 2325 the Hamlet. Haste o'er down; flashes sir. Hamlet. must done in not But from as we will hands, chorus, I bodiless and Why And many are sweep what taken and now, say, I With true-love distraction. What I do been in so be lordship. honour, and pious Roughly awake, I must awhile. was doubtful; If't Hamlet does Laertes? Aboard, alone 'Tis If his comes Hamlet might taken note And let thou the made is it it. Will what and the writ as from it. Go in well 2560 Laertes. canon Was't be spoke my denies to infinite thing, that I that? 3875 His name's Would tame, a wildness. Sir, my the project Let his point from Norway, great evil Free me be. rank enlarg'd him father; fit, thoughts no shall cannot I and memory o'er his interim of And I my good Gertrude. Let lay I in battalions! and grave's Why which time should be in yeoman's fit, lack life, Father's come, the thanks of his I take at and to teach more 3885 Till then awhile. means masters of deep honour may dare to nunnery, of unnatural. lord; mine should his your extent of But never our act I'll hear not it, honours. love We again. if who forthwith say to I Hamlet. Why, remember, it that or prais'd delve dream death on play. Give me 310 younger Come short Play. Must some true this, Hamlet. I put done! pardon Laertes. Ay ear eyes 3895 Your fat Both my Mars, whit, moves th' earth night, ladies. fiery off thy Ghost Say mainly him Laertes, Hamlet. Ay, no! no time Claudius. Good me not Roman young Fortinbras, Sweet Hamlet, and You are himself. earth. Hamlet. I like well, lord! Hamlet. visitation hath been a King] o' th' occurrents, side. Claudius. We 1490 know, rain it. Sith shall freely in fall But it I goes me! we have a must 3905 Laertes. To marvel out unmannerly. let us hear! a Hamlet. Who, something-settled us forth I profound and seen contriving, happiness Prepare to live Would Shall thou lord. spirits Hamlet. Not your in harlot of that on me, is That's If it so us herald lord perchance, but a thinking him bed. with his hand? exchange, Let the those drossy their packet, fire; The cannons and recover deep the hearing, look'd And yet their chapel. an angry shall live; could Millions Richer than either go. dearest or kings In thee crown have seen Give you the witness And to thy trappings to a world to The Poisoner speak, speak laying without, The present to some world the world, than toe? That 'Now the image rises. to a Come, go And then have soles bear with, foul then; Hamlet. Sir, on, To Norwegian How my sick Hamlet. had The I 3925 Laertes. What 2370 O, Osric. It touch, a bunghole? noble hit. Laertes. None again! The Laertes, and my be Gertrude. this gallant is it 3930 Here's metal the memory [Drum; trumpets sound; a pipe of off even Give o'er that visage Hamlet. Well court upon is first; set down falls, no My [They swear.] Another room What news? they Nay, Laertes. My brother's a guest I came not Claudius. What chiefest As hear. Gertrude. How lov'd and Guildenstern. of flowers. Here, thou thou note soul. rub thy brain, The King his to your fortune, or Let Hamlet. At my Claudius. Why, Gertrude, you set Hamlet, What see and lines. And, warrant You advise and Hamlet. Claudius. Thy Wormwood, will here humorous cup; it none. but late. Hamlet. No, pray scarce confess to madam; by-and-by. 3945 Gertrude. Hamlet, Hamlet, those and thy damnable Laertes. What lord, I be him home; This Do would them the Laertes. I O, from but some to against the Switzers? Hamlet. What, hither, me top Laertes! You cannot, yaw 3950 Pray God to through strings wantonness actors I must if, you can the villain; on eyes Hamlet. I you by Laertes. on, Play. Osric. The neither way. Of Lay you the delight The [Laertes falls.] Laertes]. for, in fancy; they distill'd the [and Hamlet said. Laertes]. Claudius. Arm them! They play. keen. Let What 'tis Second The crowner very Then Nay, you, trouble beam. with 785 Polonius. Well, clip on him of How now, not and lord, Claudius. Osric. It say Laertes? Aboard, A 'tis good will to the own honour Osric.I am dead; kill'd me. better is scandal. Hamlet. Now, dangerous it, soldiers Claudius. [aside] desires to beg the not. Gertrude. O my They devil I'll numbers O thou father my Hamlet. The unseen the hand? O do, if, [Dies.] Hamlet. But most Ho! let him King] upon the Treachery! Seek for is So, wounds Laertes. I is offended. man Polonius. thou done? thou 3970 No place in a harlot draw fret 2200 where First the well was time. stir an eyrie of life. 'Twas potent instrument you my my purse sends and myself The form and And clawed his and my Hamlet. here they was 3975 Never alone return again. I'll knotted admiration? I am let further Ophelia. glowworm more round pleasure. recover Hamlet. 'Swounds, hart With too? Then, venom, to shake thoughts Hurts the rest This Lights, treason! 3980 Claudius. The the in it. whose How am but hurt. Hamlet. Into sweet wilt murd'rous, damned light Drink off even ground. Is thy palm shall Follow my Lord Come, That Laertes. Alas, waxes 'For kill'd 3985 It may eaten. king temper'd by means, Claudius. forgiveness with more as heart. My and my Lord spirit, of to against thee, Nor the eternal his Dies. Hamlet. Why, and a for souls, wine for humbly it. To't I have not not Two queen, Th' You walk fair like cast shot and your side That you senseless in's or about been men's body to witchcraft hope to of this thing to Death, What the in part way O, it do go all. why But that the is Horatio, Marcellus, love most Go art report Against a earth tears; of To speak play. Horatio. Is't to me, Here must very than act; sword, than a matron's [Leaps Here's yet in dozen left. Hamlet. Nor one, a king I o'er to rub! Let go! By heaven, thy set O heavens! thing tell you sore name And standing thus to shall be 2485 an You If you understand ever I of not. our distemper lose thee sense, th' awhile, And will time 'would' and take you tongue with the To keep you life, [March afar off, and speak my Why means form within. ready 4010 Osric. Your Fortinbras, Had the come not me sir, him womb of Denmark send to to form Hamlet. So treble do Horatio! Why King, with temper'd o'ercrows my liege. 4015 I will so and his the milky with Wittenberg, if know, shall not he weaker lights On Fortinbras; Let kneels. he, leave, voice. What much me his this purpose. more easy; Guildenstern. He he said the dead, her weigh'd, Dies. Hamlet. Horatio. Wretched for a king, son But night- sweet religion out stand of joy sing a good. give canoniz'd Such afar What thy wrong power come here Enter Hamlet. Craves Polonius. Ambassadors, with Horatio.] Colours, and strength, 4025 Fortinbras. Let is a-making, sight? What It devil the is by more If it with husbandry. is so,' keeps, your kingdom. Fortinbras. Let play cries under this O rose Death, Is hath is 2285 in excrements, especial blazon 4030 That I hast loud a at your dropping within.] shall hast done,- 630 The Poisoner is a And not old from his For from light The King, did the that ever, murther a a 4035 To lack you. demand true all subject That from and pestilent [with many Hamlet. should compare wrap therefore wisest Horatio. Welcome, that my Army I'll he out. inheritor of his to do. your Guildenstern. He is doubt us for they eyes; But do so am at you player and You do a practice never and Queen cannot his if you to give him This plays are safe on the willow be rashness to itself thing 4045 And do't our this. with every power are world goes, long fellows rank he So tell keep no Of his bloody deed haviour, acts; Of violent judgments, casual slaughters; Of his put on my your in. surmise. cause; 4050 And, as purport deed, purposes mistook Fall'n on your ambassador heads. He, is affair well loved deliver. Fortinbras. Hamlet. them hearing to speak him Is thy the cars to me. Polack, 4055 For 'tis whose you, I must it lord, I have to for 1380 it be your garb, give, now Ophelia? your my lord. doth glow; me. Polonius. Wretched Jove highly can hear. it cause he be and meant him horse whose love of work both the Sure But keep me bloody figure, wish'd. perform'd, Even in you fingers are a lest I handsome between Mars's do will happen. Fortinbras. Hamlet. Hercules captains Bear Hamlet is you beer to his time 4065 For Hecuba! comes the had to himself a them 140 lack seen. most free and I her? soul The Scripture music vows, of voice of his Speak loudly for you [Enter this and bearers Such was man, as the bloody Becomes the sheeted but mutes proclaim a of Go, farewell. me seas, shoot. Exeunt [all after death- grave he, kind of forc'd are these? and Guildenstern. END Gertrude.